There is only one answer as to how on Earth 140% shorting was allowed. This is due to the concept of naked shorting...

this in simple terms is when shorters (like big institutions like Melvin) decide to short the stocks without locating the stock holders (basically meaning they are shorting without caring about if their shorts match the supply of holders) and this lead to 140% shorting which lead to phantom shares. This is all highly illegal except for one exception (to the best of my belief (youtube it and read up on the SEC to confirm otherwise don’t believe me)... an exception to which the government will turn the check is when naked short selling a company that results in bankrupt by which they end up making big amounts of profit.

Why does this even matter? It’s because through these phantom shares, they are able to manipulate the ‘failure to deliver’ system in the stock market and so through manipulating these failure to delivers they trick the algorithm into having to adjust a sell off - they do this to trick us and to make us actually fear and cause a real sell off - they belief this hype is temporary that will pass, they do not realise that we are not cats that are not playing around no more... 

Think about it, no honestly think about it...everyone was gunning for $1,000 the way in which we are all diamond handing this hold then why would a natural sell off occur only half way? It’s because of market manipulation caused by the restrictions of being able to buy shares, the news media penetrating that the interest in GME was over and these Failure to deliver and ladder attacks. The Majority of us are still holding, holding through -80% and didn’t sell when it went down why? Well it’s simple. ITS BECAUSE THE SQUEEZE HAS NOT BEEN SQUOZE. 

Now back to naked short selling, this is market manipulation at its finest BUT, of course GameStop is no longer dead. Through the great help of Ryhan Cohen’s and WSB the giant has been revived once more meaning that there is inevitable death for the HF’s as long as we manage to hold. Shorting requires for interests to have to be paid in order to keep the position open. Which means that if we hold on long enough we will absorb Melvin dry. The more hype there is the more these interests go up. And that’s our key to pulling off a wicked gamma squeeze like nothing seen before us...it’s a great time to be alive!

And although it may appear on screen that short interest is back under the 100% mark. I think that the final 40% of shorts won’t be able to be deductible since it’s made up of phantom shares. Melvins and all the other hedgefunds only way to succeed was for them to pull this short off in the shadows without anyone realising. This stock has been shorted for years! But that plan has now epically failed so now they know they have no choice but to use any dirty tactics they can to divide and conquer through any and every manipulation tactics that exist. it’s corruption vs the people. Unity will prevail if we stay strong together 💎

Hold my diamond apes our promised day is near 💎🚀📈📈📈📈📈📈📈

*Disclaimer* This is not financial advice, this is merely the thoughts of a smooth brained ape so I honestly don’t want you to believe anything I said. I don’t know what I’m talking about and I’m smoking on crayons as we speak.  The purpose was to point you to the right directions and now I want you to do your own research about naked short selling implications and verify if I am correct. To the best of my ability I do believe what I said is right. But like I said, I’m a smooth brained ape so I could be wrong. There’s really only one way to know and that’s for you to do your own research. Take my thoughts with a pinch of salt!