Just like you, I held my GME shares with the hopes that I would reach unfathomable gains (200%, 500%, 1000%) while profiting directly from the greed and arrogance of sleazy, fat-cat hedge funds. What a feeling.

Almost overnight, our success transformed u/deepfuckingvalue's humble internet-forum analysis into an international fucking movement and a rallying cry for billions of people to protest society's disgusting wealth inequality and for a moment, just a tiny moment, reap the rewards of a level playing field.

On Wednesday, Gamestop blew up and the stock went from 88 to 460 in a matter of two days. The MOASS was just around the corner, and tens of thousands of average joes were about make life-changing money off a ballsy play that turned out to be fucking right.

We all know what happened next.

R\*binhood, Web\*ll and other brokers halted all buying of GME, right at the very peak of the flood of buying and global unity. In other words, THEY CHANGED THE RULES OF THE GAME RIGHT BEFORE THEY LOST. We knew they would pull some shady shit (slander us on CNBC, lie about short interest, ladder attacks, etc, etc) but we never expected them to destroy the free fucking market as we know it.

And that is why I wrote this post and why I sold most of my shares Friday and today. I will die believing that GME would have hit 1000 if they did not do what they did on Thursday, but none of that matters now. What matters is that the game has changed, and anyone who hasn't caught up with the new rules are going to get screwed.

CNBC are a bunch of crooks, but when they said that people would lose money buying at the top, they weren't wrong. Even if the MOASS did happen, there would've been people buying at 800,1000 and selling on the way down.

I'm not going to tell you to sell, because you'll just accuse me of being a cuckolding Melvin intern, but if you bought in GME at 300,350,400 with money you can't afford to lose then I'm asking you to reevaluate the current situation compared to when you bought your shares and the likelihood of a MOASS.

Don't throw away your life savings just because you're angry. Don't double your student debt because you can't accept the game is rigged.

[As Kjetill Stjerne posted earlier today,](https://twitter.com/KjetillStjerne/status/1356364371522428928?s=20)

>"Don't die on the altar of what you believe should happen"

I'm still holding 25 shares and hope to God this shit still goes to $1000. But I'm no longer dreaming about 7-figure gains, I'm dreaming about Vlad, Steve Cohen, and all the other cronies involved being sent to jail. This isn't about money any more, it's about justice.

As long as we never forget what happened these past few weeks, how they fucked the law and average American in plain sight of the entire fucking world, then we are still fighting. Email your local congressperson, post about it on social media, delete R\*obinhood and W\*bull. Even if never see the MOASS, I'm still fucking proud of you lot for inspiring millions and standing your ground against all odds. For those of you still holding, good luck and godspeed.