Dear, Mr. President and Madam Vice President,

I am writing to you on behalf of myself, though I expect much of my thoughts will be shared by others.  Though you may never see this, I shall speak regardless for I believe that you will feel what I have to say even if you never hear my voice.  I must admit I did not vote for you in the past election, and more regrettably, I have never participated in any form of political affairs but I feel compelled to speak now.  I believe this is an unprecedented display of unity to which we are currently privileged to bear witness.  Over the course of the last few days I have seen with my own eyes and heard with my own ears the sights and sounds of a people united.  

Personally, I have already won the lottery so to speak.  As a first generation immigrant, I was lucky enough to be accepted by this country, both in principle and by the principles of the people here.  I have been fortunate to have amazing teachers, wonderful role models, and some of the best life coaches to have ever had the misfortune of coming across me as a pupil.  Yet despite all of this, I have been selfish and focused on my own financial success without much regard to others.  In another world, in another life, perhaps I would be looking at this current situation from the other side of this lens had fortune been kinder but fate been more cruel.

To my fellow Americans and all of our friends across the world, what a time it is to be alive!  It has been and will continue to be an honor to stand with you.  Even on the news outlets that parrot the case for the billionaires, I see you speaking with your own voice!  The terms left-leaning and right-leaning have lost their meaning on this one issue as we stand united.  Long days and longer nights are ahead for many and the only thing I ask from you is to simply continue living your lives, showing love and kindness as I know you already do everyday.  Take care of your own mental well-being and ensure that you do not miss the little joys of everyday life.  Around the world, people understand the language of hope and thus I speak plainly. 

Mr. President and Madam Vice President, I have every confidence in your administration and the current authorities to levy fair judgment at this critical juncture in our history.  Thank you for your consideration and all I ask for a fair contest.

Best,
Theocletian