Sup retards, I am writing this to share what I learned in my small time of investing and trading till now. Of course there are a lot of retards here who are less retarded than I am, and so know more about investing than I do. This is partly to keep a note to myself (and make it public), so I don't repeat the same mistakes again. And partly to give some pointers to those here who are more retarded than me.

TL;DR: Stonks don't always go up. Get your emotions in line, especially jealousy of people posting their 1000+% gain porn. pre-market is a bitch. do your DD and don't just buy highly upvoted tickers. good money can be made in safer plays as well (like buying Shopify when it dropped to 900 due to vaccine news.). PLTR & NIO TO THE MOON.

1. This is something you would already know. There are a lot of people here posting 1000+% gains in a few weeks/months. But there are a lot lot more than that who are not making that, and in fact losing. I know you know that as well. So don't fucking get jealous and play stupid gambles (like buying fucking nikola at fucking 79$). You are already a retard, you already have a disadvantage compared to those outside. Don't let your emotions get the better of you as well.
2. Pre-market is fucked up. Never buy a gamble stock just by seeing high pre-market rise. You will almost always lose. 
3. You're new to WSB, you are seeing people posting a lot of tickers that are going to be the next NIO or the next PLUG. Don't go buying all those ticker. When someone posts a DD, don't just scroll down and comment 'All I read was buy' and buy the stock. Do your own DD.
4. (This may not apply to all) Try to limit the number of stocks you're holding to a minimum. Diversification is good but make sure you're not going overboard (like having only 2000$ to invest/trade and buying 40 tickers with that). Even if all those 40 stocks are hot growth stocks, you're not gonna make a lot of money because a lot of them WILL go down. Buy the stocks in which you feel confident that they will go up in some time. Don't buy something just because it has been going up a lot and everyone is saying it'll go up.
5.  Hold what you've bought for some time if you believe in the stocks short term/ long term capability. Don't sell it as soon as you're down some 5-10%. If you do that you'll just be buying high selling low all the stocks. As a personal example: I really believe in Unity's business and capability. I bought unity at 95, but got scared when it fell down to 86, then, as soon as it hit 95 again I sold. I was stupid, Now unity is 150. Believe in yourself more than some random retards on WSB.
6. I have made more money when hyped stock fall, compared to when hyped stocks rise. Invest in what seems safer (and can give good returns as well). For ex. when pfizer vaccine news came out, Shopify and Zoom fell like crazy. Even though I feel Zoom stock valuation is sooooo fucking stupid, I bought the dip and sold both the stocks just yesterday for about 20-30% gains on both. - This is really subjective, but I like this more compared to investing in PLTR at 30 or NIO at 50 (By the way I have positions in both of them and am about 100% up on both, so PLTR, NIO to moon). Remember that losses are also big in high growth stocks just like gains.
7. Keep a fucking target of how much return youre looking for. Dont get distracted by posts every day on WSB posting their 1000+% returns. You need 25-30% return a year to get rich eventually (this is just my personal target). Have a separate account for trading where you've trying to get crazy gains (and actually getting crazy losses), and keep the amount in that account minimum.

I know all this is just a repeat of some obvious things everyone says and my post may just get removed. Who cares.

Another thing: my experience here is just from stocks and not from options. I am from India and it is illegal for us to trade options in US market. 

Finally, even though everyone in WSB is a retarded autist and they just jack off to their gains and other's losses. I've learned a lot from posts in this sub. And this is also a really good sub for discovering stocks to do DD on. Many other positives of WSB, just not mentioning them here.

Happy trading/investing.