Im constantly surprised this doesnt get more attention, but is anybody feeling like were in the middle of a heist movie or some shit with this? For those unaware Epic is suing apple because they dont want to pay 30%. On WSB I see this mostly joked off since apple is worth trillions more than Epic which if thats all youve heard makes sense on paper, more money = more legal rights duh. But the way epic is approaching the situation and from reading through the legal documents(not a lawyer but pretend i am) it seems as though the arguments presented boil down to a philosophical point of view. Appl seems within the letter of the law and Epic is clearly trying to get some law shit changed. 

But then why all the pageantry? Why did epic specifically get banned, gun ready with legal docs and a fucking animation parody ready to go, that would surly chimp burn them if they lost? I mean obviously they wanted to get attention, but this is far from a slam dunk case, why the big dick energy? It seems to me there are 2 options. Epic is failing internally and they desperately need attention to keep the fortnight tendie dance rollin, or they have a more sophisticated plan for proceeding. I didnt think much of it either until I heard microsoft coming to bat for epic. Why did they do this? From what I gather there are concerns from them since unreal is so prevalent that if unallowed to be on the app store would require an immediate force switch of the developers in the IOS division to some other game engine, which is kind of like starting over but farther back from when you started. Devs, by which i mean the big bois, have been pushing hard for mobile and if youre deep into a "AAA" game on mobile the last thing you want is to get shut off from half your market unless you make a new game engine from scratch, and before you say it, soi boi beta cucks like me use unity when they are too scared to try unreal so thats not a real option for big bois.

 So Why did apple remove all the epic games and not just fortnight. Turns out it is specifically due to fortnight being taken off IOS, and not just Tim whipping out his turgid steely erection. As you may know Apple immediately removed a shit load of games that used unreal engine. They were forced to re-allow these games (but not fortnight) back on the IOS. Apple is now claiming that on IOS epic has 2 companies and that they are essentially some kind of loophole for the banned games to do exactly what fortnight did. This gives them the same letter of the law legal right to ban these apps. A large part of the argument, and why I call it philosophical, boils down to who is considered the consumer. If you didnt know having a monopoly is completely legal, but making actions to maintain this monopoly is illegal and it seems to me that one of the strongest arguments against monopolistic actions is if it directly hurts the consumer. Apple is arguing from the perspective of phone buyers and app downloaders being the consumers, while epic is arguing from the perspective of developers of apps being consumers.

 idk if epic will take it this way, but it seems to strengthen their argument tremendously if they say, 'apple says they do this for the consumers, but look developers also are their consumers and look how many developers are being hurt through no fault of their own'. 

I wont lie, I think apple has a stronger case, and currently I think apple is more likely to win, but epic has some good arguments currently, imo most specifically the duopoly angle, and how apple waves the apple tax for irl shit, but If epic has a few more tricks up their sleeve something could happen. Apple has not been having real growth recently but this was masked by tax cuts. On top of  which its still up a shit ton. So im not saying apple is destined to fail, but if they do lose they lose big, as well as a lot of other software giants. I mean its like what 40% of their revenue on the line? Even if they dont lose it each pp gonna hurt, 'daddy no' style.

TLDR: Epic has at least a tiny chance of winning. If epic does win apple will lose big. But Im crazy high, and i wanna know if i sound insane. Is Sweeny Tim a Machiavellian mad lad, or just idk like a weasel fucker?