Here's my piece, please add your own monkey brained ideas in comments.  Maybe some big producer picks it up and tells it like it should. 

Theme: tell the story as endless comical comparisons about how us as people are vs them: this is the way!

US

we built a community that prizes absurbly risky trades almost designed to lose. its retarded and we talk like degenerates. Then we passionately support eachother as we laugh off and brag with loss porn about our knocks. our desire to see good in the world, saving gme, amc from failure, donating gains and eaching chicken tendies. Our resolve to hold till we've lost all or nearly all on a trade being warrios batch of honor: we face financial death on a our feet and believe this ears us a place in Valhalla, the German legend of a heaven for brave warriors. our raw but self depricating humor about being retarded, autistically obsessed, and having wives that cheat on us  openly dating other men.

vs

Them

serious desire for more money and power amounst an exclusive club of elite. no reservations making a wildly risky and bet against a struggling company. Skirting rules to structure a far larger short than the regulation technically allow. Creating a panic that shares they sold couldn't be delivered as millions of small purchases by a crowd of average everyday people might such up an undeliverable short. refusing to cover when optimism strikes their target as Ryan Cohen takes legal control of the board: he is the elon musk of building passionate customer communities. instead out of arrogance they double down with smears and attacks. when the crowd of YOLO dreamers overwhelm them they equally double down on their rul breaking they hijack the DTC the very institution designed to stabilize deliver risk concentration amongst brokerage houses and weaponize it to collude with or check mate their managers into banning more buying. Excluding the crowd of every day people from crowding them out of access to the trading post where the last batch of stock in gme/amc can be bought.

Us: all along we as a crowd are quasi aware of this game, even though we don't have the expertise to understand the complexity of their conpriracy. We make comical attempts to explain the dark plans against us, KNOWING in the end they always win, and pull it off in ways we can only begin to understand. We react with light humor, swearing to take the full losses just to prove our resolve. Advertise the loss porn as both a cathartic celebration of financial masculinity and toughmess, while also exposing the world to the real life loss and misery they so willfully and boastfully feed on.

Them: terrified their image of professional manager, shrewd risk takers and responsible risk management expertise has just been exposed. Paniced to take a hard loss and miss out on a bonus, or lose clients, or have to go out of business. Willing to defend their self decided right to superiority and massive power, respect and financial success by trashing the rules and rigging the game openly. Marshalling the media, bullshit regulators, academic professors to orchestrate diversions and cover stories so the masses, and their investors don't see just how bullshit they are and how frail their model of sucess is, how predicated on making others lose and struggle underthem it all really is.

Us: congratulating a honoring the bullish resolve of a true believer in a beat up company coming back from the dead: DeepFuckingValue (aka Diamond Hands). Actually getting it right, GME will rise again. So will AMC. The whole way until the big explosion, he had only a few hundred people subs to his long ass comical utubes, mixed with insight passionate obsessive analysis. He never told any one to buy, he told us its very risky and not suitable for most. No one really acting on his words or 'leadership' we make our own decisions to like the stock and see just how high it could go, and how hard the dark wons would fight to defeat us. We were flooded by newbies, at a varyiing level of understanding what the palce was about. mods volunteered to step it up and crushed it, keeping the place surprisingly orderly and on mission: discuss your greatest yolos, show your loss porn, keep it positive, humble (self derecating) and vulgar. DFV sold only small pieces as it spiked over months. Actually holding most thru the big run and decline. Still held hard as of yest close. now prevented from speakin g(likely advised by lawyers) cause some boomer confused jackass at the mass attourney generals office is pulling his employment records and scrutinize where he could express an investment opinion in a stock publicly because he's a working stiff insurance salesman.

Them: charactarized him as some sort of ringleader. pump and dump artist and mastermind king of the idiots. groomed his past to see if some how he can be roped in as the scapegoat. ignoring obvious eveidence his is just a random youtuber and sometimes poster with a tiny following. They refused to admit that big money jumped into this trade. The sharks are NOT united like us apes. They jumped at the opportunity to rampt the stock hard, they too smelling how deep Citron and Melvin and other shorts were into losses and they were being given no choice but to buy back the short at any price because their broker take the hit if they go broke. Their own cabal marked the final blow. i don't think small acount investors buying at discount platforms did all the lifting. it was a shared effort. They were unintentional temmporary allies of the people, but they were in it for the fast $$. We were in it for the loss porn and the pricipale hatred of abusive and excessive shorting of real companies.

Conclusion

Our campaign may not have defeated them all, but it knocked over and blew a giant hole in several big ones. Made some early buyers here actually profited. Helped some childrens hospitals, gave working stiffs something to root for and admire. Showed resolve that terrified them. Our resolve to just like the stock and buy it no matter what caused them to deploy all of the their crooked clubs assets adn media propaganda. Going so far as to shake the msm media into labeling use 'insurgents' possible terrorists, racists sexists and other nonesense lies.

Our culture and language fosters vulgar colorful humor in a self deprecating and acceptance fostering way. what seems like on the surface are insults, are actually badge challenges: handle being called and ape, retard,  paper handed (more of a label than a critisim). Aspire to be diamond handed, believe in something positive. accept loss in stride, not sink into shame of bad decisions and cover-ups. Strength in Unity, belief in whats right, toughen your ass up, face fear, and accept you are not as smart, devious and morally diseased enough to be part of the ruling class. And thats not so bad.

just my ape minded grunting.