**John McAfee, Ahmad Chatila Flee Country on Yacht While Under Pursuit by Angry Internet Mob**

*The Wall Street Bets Weekly Herald*

In a chase scene worthy of a UT film major’s second semester project, CEOs John McAfee and Ahmad Chatila (of MGT Capital Investments and Sunedison, respectively) fled their Southampton estates in the early hours of May 19th, in what was reportedly McAfee’s wife’s schnauzer’s 108 ft yacht.  

“It was a hell of a racket,” laughed fund manager Stephen Schwarzman, McAfee’s next door neighbor. “I woke up at about 4 am when I heard gunshots, ran out front and saw Chatila flying through my garden on his golf cart. He was screaming something to John, who I saw spraying a crowd of people with a hose on his front porch.  It almost sounded like ‘those faggots found us’, but that doesn't make any sense.”  (It was later determined that the gunshots were actually backfire from one of the mob's three vehicles, a 1973 Ford Country Squire stuffed with 8 people.)

When I reached out to McAfee’s assistant for comment, she was able to connect me through to his yacht’s satellite phone.  “A reporter, huh?” he asked.  “Let me send my chopper to pick you up - you gotta see this!”  

After a brief helicopter ride to the yacht, located a half nautical mile off of the coast near N.Y.C., I was graciously granted an interview by the pair, as well as a steady supply of Jefferson’s 18.  The scene was particularly strange, as McAfee had ordered the captain to cruise at a mere 3 knots, and a hodgepodge flotilla of small sailboats, canoes, and swan-shaped pedal boats followed about 100 yards off of the stern, with the MAGA-hat-claden boaters screaming obscenities and calling for my host’s heads.  When I joined them, the duo was giggling merrily, tapeing hundred-dollar bills to ping pong balls and throwing them in the yacht’s wake.

Me: Do you know who these people are?

Ahmad: Yeah, I started getting death threats from these guys a few weeks ago after Sunedison went broke.  I had my security team do some research and they found that they’re from a forum called Wallstreet Bets that had been pumping my company’s stock.  They lost a bunch of money and, well, they’re obviously pretty fuckin’ pissed. (laughs)

Me: On that subject, how has your financial situation been since the bankruptcy?

Ahmad: My situation? Where do you think all that money went!?  (laughs again)

Me: Tell me, John, why are they after you as well?  

John: (chuckling) I went on that forum an hour ago and did some reading, looks like they all bought MGT yesterday morning when it gapped up.  I mean, c’mon!

Me: Ouch.  So, why are we going at such a slow speed?  Aren’t you afraid for your safety?  

John:  These fags probably didn’t even have enough money to rent a motorboat to come after us.  I think they got all those [motions airquotes] “boats” from the rental shack on Cooper’s Beach.  

Me: But aren’t you worried that so many people are after you?

John: Worried? I haven’t had this much fun since Belize!  Besides, this isn’t my first rodeo, and it’s definitely the easiest time I’ve ever had goin’ on the lamb.  

John then ended the interview, and suggested that I return on his helicopter which was headed back to pick up some “hookers n’ blow”.  As I walked away, I heard him excitedly tell his friend, “Chachi, get your camera out, two of’em just started fighting over the money balls!”


