okay take all of this with a grain of salt cause it has tons of speculation and I'm also completely clueless and too ignorant to know whether or not anyone's said anything about this

If any of you cutie pies weren't busy eating crayons and looking at your bedroom wall whilst trying to comprehend the deeper meanings of life, you'd probably have an actual job. The irony here is that I'm going to go about my career in movie production(I know it's not an actual job don't mock me) and what's been going on there for the past few years after Netflix started their expansion. [This](https://open.spotify.com/episode/7bOTyoAE6VrRCAZ5GEOg3J?si=Vw4NHRN_TFSsXnCVcleURg) is a really good podcast episode , which I'll TLDR for you cause you retards can't keep your peanut-sized brains concentrated for more than 3 minutes:

Netflix and Amazon have only been gaining profits since covid came to the west and their counterparts - the movie theaters have only been suffering losses. As with any business this creates enormous leverage for both of these companies to  buy off an entire franchise in order to completely monopolize the market.( I don't mean to judge, this is just natural). I guess you could argue that streaming is way more convenient, but if you were to actually read up on that Google Scholar research you'd realize this is not the case for the community and 🦍 just want to look at big screens. The platforms just need more places to display their prepaid Hollywood star-packed productions so that they can earn that sweet sweet money, because you'll all go watch that movie, because of that hot actor/actress (that's right I don't discriminate). And even if that isn't the case(highly doubt it), you'd still watch it because it's Netflix. It's only but natural for them to want to want to buy stocks of movie theaters at a discounted price. Does this remind you of something you should be doing right now? 

All in all this is just some industry insight argumentation that only supports not selling anything be it GME(which hasn't shifted to online only because chairmen didn't want to have to fight with Mr. Bald Headed Smeagle Jeff Bezos(we wouldn't have been in the position we were today if it had)) or AMC, but don't follow it as financial advice, because I, like you, am retarded too.