It's not too hard to see Apple Music paying Drake $50 million for exclusive rights to stream his next Album and maybe another $50 million to get exclusive Justin Bieber streams. That itself indicates why Spotify will win out. 

Spotify doesn't need to pay artists to use their platform. In fact, it's the reverse. Independent musicians are beginning to flock to Spotify as a platform to connect with potential listeners, grow their audience and plan tours. Below is an interview with Nohidea, a very niche musician outside of the main stream media. He currently has 600,000 monthly listeners. 

"[Spotify's] carefully, personally-curated content streamlines a targeted audience for these artists, incomparable to anything else they’d find elsewhere.

They have myriad marketing tools at your disposal to help you recalibrate and define your trajectory and brand, as well as providing you the tools necessary to reach those same audiences and see precise and detailed information as to who they are, what they like, where they live etc.

It’s not only shifted the paradigm of the independent music industry, it’s a necessity for any artist. I see so many artists that have bustling social presence on Soundcloud, but absolutely no music even posted on Spotify. I think that those very same artists are missing out on something truly big, because you could have access to the same tools that huge-name, major-label artists and managers have when they’re doing things such as planning for tours, planning releases, planning for press campaigns and promotional content etc.

Just from something as simple as having your music on Spotify and letting it find its way around to any potential ears, you could plan your own tour.. You can get paid (or not) to go play your music that you created out of love in a different city, maybe even a different country in the world. Anywhere in the world that you want to go, granted you have an audience there. I think that’s so dope" (http://www.secretshoresmusic.com/2017/09/09/interview-series-nohidea/)

So how does this lead to growth? The millennial generation grew up listening to an unlimited catalogue of music. Listening to the same popular songs each day does not make sense to them. They are not forced to listen to the radio's top hits or watch MTV's 'hottest music videos.' They have options. They are use to defining their own music experience. Spotify helps this new era of music listeners find the sounds that speak to them. Those personal affections speak louder than the current "hottest pop star." In other words, Spotify will be organically creating music stars.

Apple, Google and Amazon can copy Spotify but they are far behind and unfocused.