Here is the explanation of PLTR's newest product- meta-constillation software from the earnings call transcript. The subject is too complex to be summerized so it is better to just read what PLTR's management had to say.


"Before diving into results, I'd like to share a bit of our latest product innovation, something that we deployed at the Global Information Dominance Experiments, GIDE 3 last month. We call it the meta-constellation, and it's radically changing how satellites are tasked, the latency of collection, and it's creating a fundamental link in that AI-enabled decision chain.

"Overnight, we orchestrated a meta-constellation of 237 satellites by working with an array of commercial space companies. These companies have been deploying constellations of hyperspectral, radar, and elite sensors into orbit. And we're putting all of that power directly into the hands of the frontlines, empowering the edge. It's one of the largest collaborative sensor constellations ever to see operational news."

Palantir's meta-constellation software harnesses the power of growing satellite constellations, deploying AI into space to provide insights to decision-makers here on Earth. Our meta-constellation integrates with existing satellites, optimizing hundreds of orbital sensors and AI models, and allowing users to ask time-sensitive questions across the entire planet.

Important questions like, where are the indicators of wildfires, or how are climate changes affecting crop productivity? And when and where are naval fleets conducting operations? Meta-constellation pushes Palantir's Edge AI technology to a new frontier. As we all know, submarines present threats to the U.S. and its allies. And to protect strategic interest, allied forces need to track every submarine's deployment around the world.

And at the forefront of this challenge are anti-submarine warfare officers. They turn to meta-constellation to monitor ports across the Pacific. Let me show you a little bit about what that looks like. In response to Allied monitoring requests, meta-constellation dynamically determined, which orbiting sensors are available. Integrated through Palantir, the constellations then collaboratively scheduled coverage over each port.

"Meanwhile, Apollo for Edge AI assigns tailored AI micro models to each satellite. Running onboard the satellite, the models will automatically find submarines and stream those insights directly to users. With the mission planned, Apollo automatically reconfigures each of the satellites, pushing the right micro models into orbit. And as a software payload on board, Palantir's Edge AI platform connects complex satellite subsystems to models integrating new AI with the hardware.

The best part, my favorite part is that as it orbits, the Edge AI platform hot-swaps the right micro models in, rapidly reconfiguring the satellite. The models process imagery, they detect submarines, geo-locate them, and then determine any movement since the last collection passed, all in under a second. When the AI sees a submarine movement, that insight is directly downlinked to allied forces as the satellite passes overhead, and the anti-submarine warfare officers are notified in just minutes, empowering them to respond in a way that we've never seen before.

As you can tell, we're really excited about Palantir's meta-constellation and see it as the software that brings hundreds of satellites to bear on your hardest problem. Whether it's the anti-submarine warfare officer that I just described using it to find submarines, or first responders leveraging AI to spot wildfire signs. Meta-constellation is there to empower users". 


After you have read all of that, you might say " Oh a lot of fancy words, space, satellites yada yada it sounds cool, but what is the practical implication? How could PLTR generate revenue from all of this? 

Well, here is my take on this matter. Since the early 2000's, people are saying that data is the new oil. The problem is that it is not only hard to analyse, organise and visualise large amounts of different data (That is where PLTR comes into play), but it is also very hard to collect the most relevant information to your enterprise exactly when you need it. Let's say that you are the management of a multinational corporation that specialises in growing crops. There is no chance for you to know that there are signs that wildfires might erupt in Brasil and ruin your crops, or that a large ship has blocked the Suez Canal just 2 minutes ago. But what if there is a chance to know all of this. Well, that is when satellites become important. In the future there is a high-probability that most large companies will have their own satellites that will make high-quality images 24/7 which will help them to predict certain events or act as fast as possible when some disaster happens. A lot of newly-created startups like BlackSky are trying to position themselves in this market. However, the opportunities are not  concentrated only in the commercial segment. The future battlefield of the global superpowers will be in space. It is no wonder that the U.S governments has started its newest military branch the U.S Space Force just recently. ( They are already customers of PLTR). 

How could PLTR benefit from all of this? They most definitely won't be the ones sending the satellites, but they are trying to be the go to software provider when it comes to the analysation of all the data collected. As they said on earnings call, by integrating different AI micro models, they could make the satellites work together, collect and analyse the most relevant information to you and then notify you in seconds. I know that this might still sound like science fiction , but one of the most successful enterpreneurs of our time like Musk, Thiel and Jobs are on the opinion that in order to create a monopolistic trillion dollar company you need to create a product that is so innovative and futuristic that people still do not know they need it. (IPhone, Tesla). If all of this becomes a reality, PLTR's opportunities when it comes to revenue growth will be massive. Alex Karp himself said that they do not care about the short-term, but about becoming the most important software company in the world. 

TL:DR: Skynet 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀