So I made the case for $ASTR as an undervalued play literally two days ago, and today it’s up 36% on news of a multi launch military contract and my options (9/17 at $10 and $15) are printing quite nicely (286.89% daily return, 115.45% total return). 

Here’s the deal, my DD is still accurate. We are at the very beginning of a major space race between the US and China and the US seems to want to use private contracts instead of expensive and heavily politicized/decentralized nasa contracts with like 50 expensive companies (which is why they’ve been mired down with bureaucracy for decades). ASTR has secured this contract which is huge, but the upcoming first military launch will prove the company and continue the upward momentum. Rocket Lab has this catalyst going for it, and many others. It’s absolutely a better, more diversified, more proven, and more consistent launch provider then Astra which is why I have hella options in that one too (currently ticker VA CQ).

I came onto Astra and Rocket Lab because I love space, not with my investment mind (I do my gambling on the side, like a true addicted degenerate). It’s because of the substance and significance of the companies that I think they are great investments. Rocket Lab is a visionary genius of a company that will do great things, and Astra is a classic smart people applying their NASA expertise with a businessman leading the way that is likely to print for a while. 

These companies are very likely to go to the moon, 100% literally, in the next decade, and so they are great long term holds and plays. But they are also phenomenal short term plays because big money is nervous and unsure about the sector. Big money is not a geeky fan of space, they would not have the background to understand how big these companies are likely to be. They aren’t dumb, so they are picking up on the idea, but for now while the word “SP AC” is keeping most institutional money at bay, retail has a hell of an opportunity to buy up some dirt cheap options (well at least on Rocket Lab, Astra is still cheap but obviously a lot more expensive today then yesterday) and some really cheap, low valuation stocks for either short term plays once people wake up about their true value, or as long term plays as that value happens in the real world. 

Imagine thinking a space tourism company like $SPAC is worth $10 billion when these companies who are set up for a decade of growth similar to the internet boom are worth around $1 billion. Even that gap is a 10x return but both of these companies will be closer to (though definitely not the same as) the valuation of SpaceX which is over $75 billion. Y’all can do the math. 

Y’all I invest in things that I know, I invested in Tesla in 2014 (in 7th grade, so not a whole lot of money), I invested in Moderna at the beginning of last year (though I sold early like an idiot) and ya boi rode the waves of GME and AMC all the way down and then back up to a tidy profit. If y’all want to gamble, you could do MUCH worse then Rocket Lab and Astra.

Edit: TL;DR $ASTR and $RKLB are phenomenal

Edit 2: I hate robinhood but I’ve been too lazy to transfer out of it