Here's what I've been seeing these last couple of days that gives me a LOT of hope that the squeeze on GME is working. Aside from media and billionaires freaking out, which gives me confidence that this is real, let's take a look at some other examples.

At the beginning of this week, we were looking at volumes close to 150-200M. That volume obviously took a hit yesterday when many brokers decided to stop allowing purchases, but even today, the trading volume was relatively low. Additionally, the stock price has continued to increase all of these days indicating that there are more shares BOUGHT than sold. The price is around $315 and most people STILL aren't selling, indicated by the low volume today (Friday). That means this price will likely hold as a baseline since we keep taking more shares away from the float and are holding onto it.

This has become a movement though, and more and more people are willing to purchase a ticket to stick it to wall street. You think fewer people are going to get involved...hell no! More people want in on this, with those from Canada, Australia, UK, Germany, and across the world getting in on this. If people keep buying more shares and holding, there will be fewer shares available for trading and we'll likely see even less volume in the days ahead. How do we know they'll hold...well most of those getting in now are doing so to stick it to wall street so they don't mind losing some money if it comes to it. Most importantly, this means THEY WILL HOLD! Plus, a smaller accessible float means the price will rise or at least stay stable, neither of which is sustainable for hedge funds. This does NOT end well for them in any way.

The squeeze may not happen immediately, but as the number of available shares decreases, the probability for an imminent squeeze gets better since the hedge funds will be margin called and have to buy to cover. In fact, the longer this goes on, the more epic the squeeze becomes at this point. They're still short >100% and the number of float available becomes less and less everyday as more people buy and HOLD. Its really only a matter of time...so keep the faith!