What I mean is that even though ccj has a fundamentally good case and is the “blue chip” company, it is inferior to other miners bc 1) it has already contracted most of cigar lake’s production at a mostly fixed cost basis. If you look at the chart for price sensitivity and how much they make at different spot prices from their website, they only get about $70 from a $140 spot price 2) they naturally have lower upside due to their market cap being higher and less of a boost from indiscriminate buying from ETFs. it’s too liquid for the massive boost that the illiquid tickers get and 3) most importantly, they don’t have the same positive catalysts as others. When a company goes from explorer to developer, the stock gets a higher multiple for how many pounds it has in the ground. You get even more when it goes from developer to producer. Since cameco is already a producer, it is maxed out in that sense. For comparison sake, paladin famously went from .01 to 10.00 share price last bull run because they went all the way from looking for uranium to digging it out of the ground. No way Cameco does that this time because it is already at the final stage 4) as they are a low cost producer, their assets are already worth something. Counterintuitively, the higher cost producers have more upside from a higher spot. Because they go from being worth nothing to being worth something. One thing DFV said that I’ll always keep in mind is that the biggest gains come from companies that are priced to go bankrupt but then do not.As much as things have run up, there are some companies that are priced much closer to that than their full potential.

The importance of diversity: one of their uranium mines almost burned down in a forest fire in July (lol). I think that would have been incredibly bullish even for CCJ bc there would be a panic about a shortage but there’s no guarantee. Since a mine is a physical place, if you are 100% invested in one company for the U bull run and there is a war, natural disaster, or their permits get revoked, bull run is over for you. Additionally, how dumb would you feel to miss out on the mythical 1000 bagger (probably not possible at this point of the trade) just because you decided to yolo on one or two companies. This is a crapshoot. You YOLO on the sector, not the stock.

Lastly, the whole reason why smaller investors don’t want cameco and get less of the etfs is that kazatomprom and cameco will pull down the etfs compared to the juniors. When I wanted to get exposure to this sector, I actually didn’t buy CCJ very much. I put only about 2% of all my calls into CCJ. When I saw it ramping up here and the gamma squeeze hype, I bought some more, but to me, it’s more of a short term play. Hope that helps