RKT 

RKT has burned many people in the past. To some it will always be the ex that hurt you, broke your favorite mixtapes you made just for her, and told your friends you had a small member. 

Hell I get that, but here is why I will continue to bet my money on RKT. I bet on what they are BECOMING. 

RKT is already MORE than a MORTGAGE company, but you wont here that from most ANALysts. 

ROCKET COMPANIES is currently profitable in three major markets. Mortgages, Home Searching(Rocket Homes), and now Rocket Auto. 

I believe this earnings will show the undeniable proof in the success of RKTs branching out. Auto was insanely profitable before it even fully launched in Q2. 

So a couple factors that scream bullish during the current market. 

HOMES sales are not at the record high but are still high, and RKT is now the Number 1 mortgage lender in the country. RKT is aggressively stealing market share from all competitors. With the addition of Rocket Homes they are now directly in competition with zillow. RKT is profitable in every industry they touch. 

Rocket Auto, with this expansion in todays current used vehicle market this is a no brainer. This expansion was profitable before it's actual full launch. 

And finally one that many people are not talking about, Solar. 

RKT will be entering the Solar energy market to offer refinancing packages for customers to take advantage of the Solar energy tax credits and help facilitate and manage installation of solar to homes. 

What makes me the most bullish on RKT is the billions in profit they make every quarter, and the cash and shares on hand they keep for the NEXT BIG IDEA or acquisition.

Everything RKT has dipped its toes into has made them money. 

The last thing that screams out putting my money on the Red Rocket, everyone is telling you its doomed. The ANALysts are screaming SELL, the media is saying doomed, and every bank that they have already beat for the number one spot says it's going down. Everyone that Rocket has stolen market share from screams from the rooftops that they are ONLY a mortgage company.  This stock is so undervalued it makes me sick, excited, and slightly aroused. 

This is a FinTech Stock, and it deserves FinTech recognition. That's why I continue to bet on RKT, because the day rocket gets its deserved valuation will be a week to late. 

I would love to hear anyone's counter argument.

Position 126 Calls for 8/20. 75 for 19.50c, and  51 for 30c. It that's gets lost I'll continue to buy more.

Edit - Holy smokes, thanks to u/Future-Dimension-937 for reminding me about Rockets acquisition of Finmo. The Fastest Growing Mortgage Origination platform in Canada. This will be finally shown on the books this earnings!

Update edit! RKT company with continued record revenues, and home originations. Currently sitting at a 90 percent retention rate. Margins grew, sales grew. On track to even beat 2020 records. RKT HOMES made 2 Bil in revenue, RKT auto that's not even full launched made 400 million even with the constraints of limited inventory. Was up to a high of 19.15 AH and has settled at 18.50. 

Julie Booth CFO announced they have 7 billion on hand capital with over 4 to 5 billion for Dividends and continued Share Buy Backs. 

RKT will confirm Buybacks from last quarter in tomorrow's filing. 

I'm jacked to the TITs, do what you want but I'll be printing tomorrow.

Update #2 RKTs Quarter Filings show a Buy Back of 496,829 Shares for 8,312,921 between 5/1/21 and 5/31/21. Notably this was when RKT fell to a low of 16.55ish.
RKT has 991.7 million left of the Board Approved One Billion. RKT CFO Julie Booth mentioned multiple times in the Conference Call that they believed RKT is Massively Undervalued.

With the Earnings showing record revenue, Guidance on track, Great progress on RKT AUTO, RKT HOMES, Market Share gained, and 4 Billion on hand capital I believe RKT has more ammo than ever before. 

RKT Filings for anyone Interested. 

https://newsfilter.io/articles/10-q-form---quarterly-report-sections-13-or-15d---rocket-companies-inc-0001805284-filer-dfa21ddecee76189ec7152ae52b0be37

Edit to Update #2 - I Bought MORE, They threw me a discount with that IV crunch so I took it. 

New Position - 135 calls, 84 19.50c 8/20 51 30c 8/20