Palantir. Love it. Hate it. You will never stop hearing about it. And here's why.

Palantir was created for a world that didn't exist yet. A world where information and data would become so large no human workforce could ever be able to manage it effectively let alone, extrapolate insight from. So what's data do? It either sits there, or becomes a parasite on you for companies like google and facebook to target your dollars in the form of user specific ads. This way of utilizing data is indeed parasitic, and Palantir rejects this use of data in everyway possible.

But what if data wasn't used to fuck over your own customers, but instead used to help save them money and resources. Perhaps their lives? Restore supply chains, accelerate cancer research, and help restore the world to (somewhat) normalcy post pandemic. The sophisticated tools required to manage this type of data would have been inconceivable. No one predicated this kind of disjunction. Well. maybe some, but no company that would sacrifice half their revenue in R & D to solve problems of this magnitude they may or may not come to fruition. No one. Except 1 company. Valued at less than 1 billion back in 2010, then up to 9 billion in 2013 and 20 billion in 2015. And as high as 41 billion right before becoming public. Palantir 40x in 10 years is impressive, but its total addressable market would suggest a runaway so large and growing so fast that those returns are far from over. 

How big is this market? Well. Looking at the S-1 Filings it's estimated to be 119 billion. This is broken down into 63 billion in government and 56 billion in commercial. This is less than a fucking percent. How fast is it expanding? Well the S-1 is old news in my opinion of the "macrotrend" that Alex Karp says is happening.  

This comes from COO Shyam Sankar himself...

 "And -- and with our investments in the end-to-end, sensor-to-shooter workflows from space to mud, we're not just going after the roughly $60 billion of government IT spend anymore, we're talking about the quarter-trillion dollars of U.S. DOD weapons system spend in 2020."

This is fucking huge. And is completely overfucking looked. Everyone is still looking at the S1 filings about PLTR's TAM and its just wrong, it's so far much more now. This is why perhaps that government revenue is actually picking up at a more rapid pace despite it being their main customer base to this date. Government revenue grew at 68% YoY in Q3 2020 and in Q1 2021 it was 72 percent (With US revenue at 83%).

All-in-all I believe that a price to sales ratio of 40 is completely justified. This TAM is most definitely expanding into the commercial space as well. As IBM pointed out, 90% of all data has been generated in the last 2 years alone. This means that the data is growing faster then people can analyze it. This is where software like Palantir will be crucial in the future. What we're seeing with covid is all but just 1 example of how Palantir has been preparing for a future of disjunction. Palantir's investments only exacerbates  the obviousness of the problem the large amounts of disperse data creates. They're putting their money where their mouth is by not only putting half of their revenue into R&D  (561 Million, up 100% from 2018)  but taking whatever's left over into data-intensive business startups that utilize Palantir software. These actions of SPAC investments are probably more or less on Peter Thiel's part considering he's created the Founder's Fund and has a track record of picking innovative companies. This doesn't suggest that Palantir is slowing down and that Palantir simply doesn't know where to put their money, but they're more or less trying to plant seeds in industries and sectors that they are wanting to penetrate. Not only could they see significant returns that startups that succeed bring about, but also an increase in reputation and a testament of Palantir's usefulness in that sector. They want to make examples like BP saving 50 million in the first 2 weeks to potentially a billion a year off using Palantir's software become the Rule and not the Exception to the Rule. Palantir's usefulness is not 'niche' but can be applied across any sector.

I don't want to consider this DD as I barely did any research that I'm sure most of you guys didn't already know. My main point here is the counter argument to Palantir's valuation. And the skepticism surrounding its potential slow down in the future. In my opinion, Palantir and their competitors aren't growing as fast as the TAM and that's why I don't expect to see revenue both on commercial or government to grow slower than 45% in a couple years when the entire commercial sector will start to generate so much data that they'll have to switch to something new then their own built in piece by piece enterprise software that simply just doesn't work. This is the reoccurring problem Palantir has on it's sales side. It's not other software enterprise companies that they mainly compete with, but their own customers that try to build their own systems.  If they can get this much revenue from less than 200 customers (not to mention that the top 20 customers continue to pay 30%+ more for their subscriptions on a YoY basis) then any fear of a slowdown should not be on your mind when deciding whether or not to purchase Palantir stock. 

My main concern for Palantir is ironically how much cash it has. I say ironic because Peter Thiel ripped in Googles cash hoard saying they aren't innovative enough to know how to use their 50 billion cash hoard. Now Palantir only has 2.3 billion cash but there market cap is much smaller than Googles back in 2012 when their massive cash hoard was addressed. (50 billion Vs Googles 270 billion). Now this cash hoard isn't nearly as severe and a drag as google's through the forces of inflation but it does pose some headwind if they cannot utilize it in innovative ways. Now Palantir has invested in 4 additional SPACs that I'm aware of since their ER (Perhaps 5, Idk if the "partnership" with Primer includes a PIPE investment) and perhaps we may actually see a decrease next quarter on their cash on hand which I'm not opposed to, as long as its being reinvested in some way.

&#x200B;

TLDR: Palantir may be a multibillion dollar company but the the billions of dollars spent on R&D are just now beginning to pay off as the macrotrends are beginning to point closer and closer to companies like Palantir to be the next solution to the next problems that will plague the world in the not too distant future.

Positions 4882 shares @ $24.01 cost basis