Of all the tech stocks that are down today, FB is down the most. This confirms that big funds are rebalancing, they are cutting stocks that they think will yield shittier returns in the future. Also confirms my belief about Facebook on a decline, with the whole Social Dilemma, it shines a light on their corrupt evil ways, the users are increasingly aware of it.

TikTok has Zuck shook, a tiny app originally from China almost dethroned FB, he had to resort to lobbying Trump to get rid of it. Long term, FB is running out of places to expand, they can't in China for obvious reasons, which is arguably the biggest and most profitable market. So they resorted to South East Asian countries, but the problem is their middle class is almost none existent, and FB coming in have caused mass civil unrest... their users LITERALLY killing each other off, not good for business. They are DESPERATELY trying to branch out by investing heavy in AI and VR, VR has very little demand right now, mostly a fad until it can achieve insane resolutions, and frankly it's risky and probably won't pay off in the near/medium term. Their AI department cannot compete with Google or Tesla, I think the big boys realize this, that's why they are dumping it the most. Either way, I would not long FB in any of my long term portfolios. Twitter is a much better bet, they are essentially becoming an utility at this point.

Their domestic market is becoming stale, with China on the rise, having zero access to their market is a huge downside. What's left for them to expand? Africa? Idk much about them, but I'm pretty sure China has first dibs on their market, WeChat will most likely be the social media app of Africa.

You gotta ask yourself, where is FB going to find growth? Take a look at Apple, they penetrated pretty much every market on earth, and their devices are becoming less and less appealing with each iteration. They need a breakthrough in hardware technology to get on the next wave, therefore, their only move is services, it took them 10 fucking years to realize this... they need to squeeze more dollars from their existing customers instead of finding new users. Facebook doesn't have that luxury, it doesn't have the cult following Apple has, Apple has a much stronger moat than Facebook, because while Facebook has network effects on its side, it will also be its downfall. Network effects can work negatively too, when another app becomes popular, it uses network effects to growth exponentially, and FB's market share will shrink exponentially. Its the reason why some social media platforms rise as quickly as they die, MySpace, YikYak, Tumblr. How much more fucking advertisement can they stuff down your throat? How many more dollars can they squeeze from their data that is starting to lack diversity? How much more is their data gonna be worth by recording your 1020023rd like on the latest Instagram Thot's 5226th ass picture?

&#x200B;

**TLDR:** Facebook's reigning days are numbered, they are on a decline, no more exponential growth. I wouldn't short them, but I would not hold their shares long term in my portfolios, and the big funds aren't holding it either.