Hello degenerates!
If there is ever one stock which facilitates the gambling marketplace for mobile games and trading at reasonable valuation, it’s none other than $SKLZ. This one stock can make your dream of becoming a millionaire come true with huge upside in the upcoming years 
Skillz ($SKLZ) is the publicly traded e-sports platform where millions of players compete for cash prizes. The games literally look like shit but people play for money with a fee to enter the tournament for the chance to win real money. 
As the payouts are huge, most of the users are addicted to this platform and spend an average of whopping 60 mins on their platform. As a matter of fact, Skillz currently ranks above Facebook, TikTok and YouTube on the average length of time its users spend per day on their platform as per their investor presentation.
Key considerations for investment 
1.	Trading at valuation of $8.9B. Super cheap when compared to a total TAM of $175B across the geographies (Source: Investor presentation for TAM)
2.	FY2020 reported revenues of $230M (>92% YoY growth). ~376M by 2021. $550M by 2022 (Source: Company filings & consensus estimates)
3.	Lead by Andrew Paradise (impeccable track record AisleBuyer acquired by Intuit; Double Picture acquired by MPA). 
4.	They just went public by the same guys that took Draftkings $DKNG public, Jeff Sagansky and Harry Sloan; Continuously  supported by Cathie Wood who only looks for investments with disruptive innovation & higher return potential (>10x)
5.	2.7M Monthly Active Users; 1.9 million paid entry daily tournaments; GMV of $1.6B (Latest 10Q quarterly report)
6.	Differentiated Business Model: Although Skillz’s end market is mobile gaming, its model differs vs. traditional mobile game publishers. To start, Skillz operates a competition-based, multiplayer platform that drives engagement through competition. Skillz players submit to tournament entry fees, while mobile game publishers generate the majority of their bookings through in-app purchases and typically monetize less than 5% of the playing population, in addition to advertising. (Source: Company filings & Investor presentation)
7.	Take rate of ~15% and an impressive 95% Gross margin. Adj. EBITDA to be positive by 2022. Contribution is already positive & expected to reach $245M by 2022E (Source: 10-K, Investor presentation & consensus expectations)
8.	Growth! Growth! Growth. Competition is now closed for submitting game by developer for NFL. NFL with its massive following of 100M people worldwide shall sponsor the game to the fans & guess what people who download the game shall be on-boarded on to the Skillz experience & some of which will become members on the platform. Huge cross-selling opportunity within the rapidly growing user base.

9.	Acquisition of Aarki to broaden SKLZ’s footprint: $150M acquisition of Aarki, a technology driven marketing platform shall give access to advanced Machine Learning algorithms to be augmented by Skillz’s deep first party data. Aarki’s reach of ~465 Million monthly users will extend Skillz’s player acquisition capabilities
10.	Another lever for growth! Google’s PlayStore news shall increase the growth in terms of user base growth across 15 countries which is a huge revenue booster (expands the TAM by at least $15B as mentioned in the investor presentation)
11.	Bottom-line: With expected sales to be ~$550 million in 2022 (~60% CAGR), very high gross margins (~95%), zero debt, an enormously growing gaming industry, an extremely diverse user base, and higher user engagement on the platform makes it a no brainer buying option in 2021


Also remember that INDIA NFL and NEW GAMES are ALL DISCOUNTED from they projections! On the last earnings call the CEO Andrew clearly mentioned that SKILLZ only puts out projections for games already launched. 

Synchronous games are in final stage of testing - Synchronous means live PVP gaming which opens up an entire new stream of gamers !

EDIT : forgot to mention.. 70% of the free float is SHORT!!!! That’s more than $AMC or $GME