🚨UPDATE: FREE float being gobbled up by Cathie every day and multiple catalysts in Cathie speaking about SKLZ At 3 Pm On CNBC today as well as jobs data disappointment and plummet in yields. Today could potentially be a BIG squeeze day... 

ORIGINAL POST: 

Whether you are a short term trader or a long term investor, I believe there is a huge opportunity in $SKLZ. 

💵 🚀 🚀 For Short Term Traders: 

1. Short volume ratio was ~54% as of today and short volume was ~33% 

2. Cathie Wood has bought &gt;6 million shares in the last 48 hours, which invites hedge funds to short heavily

3. ER was a fantastic catalyst yesterday, with a beat on revenue, a raise on full year guidance, the addition of executives from Airbnb and Beats, 95% gross profit margins, and 83% YOY paying user growth - shorts still won the fight even though it started green today, ending another ~10% down

4. SKLZ is down ~70% from its high in February 

This is the perfect short squeeze candidate in my opinion, with the fundamentals to back it as a long term growth play. Retail loves it, Cathie loves it, and funds love to short it. 

✅ 💪🏼For Growth Investors: 

1. SKLZ is the Shopify of mobile gaming. Both are PLATFORM providers for small developers. However, SKLZ provides a platform that allows any game developer to host real time multiplayer cash competitions. Skillz is able to have 95% gross profit margins because they have no game development costs. 

2. Mobile game developers are incentivized to partner with Skillz not only because of their 2.7 million monthly active users and growing... but because users on Skillz games are more than EIGHT TIMES MORE LIKELY to pay than they would be for an in app purchase. On average, 17% of Skillz games users pay to play. The average deposit is over $10.30. 

3. SKLZ issued upped full year guidance of 375 million, however, they noted they are EXTREMELY frugal with this. The chance of a HUGE beat on this guidance is very high. The following were left out of revenue projections: 
-Expansion to India in Q3 of this year (Indian mobile gaming market is growing twice as fast as the US and is much larger to begin with. US is only 10%)
-Tetris and Big Buck Hunter being added to the platform, as well as several additional games with synchronous tournaments being tested
-Monetization of non-paying players through ads etc beginning Q3
-The sale of the huge trove of customer data Skillz has acquired, beginning in Q3
......... ADDITIONALLY: Next year’s revenue guidance has not been updated but was originally pegged at 560 million, WITHOUT any of the above catalysts. 

4. Skillz plans to expand to several additional countries in 2022, which alone could quadruple revenues by 2023E 

5. Management plans to partner with exercise companies such as peloton and first person shooter games to allow for real-time competition where Skillz takes a 15% cut of all entry fees. Remember, regardless of who wins a match, Skillz will take 15% of the entry fees. Peloton has specifically been mentioned numerous times by the CEO in interviews. Imagine versing someone through their app and the fastest time wins the payout. Battle royal games in the near future are also a market they are expanding into according to the earnings report. 

6. Look at how Shopify grew over a 5 year time horizon. The chart was also ugly to start and people didn’t understand the small developers e-commerce offering just as they don’t understand Skillz. Most funds and analysts still think Skillz makes games, while they only provide a platform. However, in the future they could make some of their own like Netflix does. 

7. Skillz recently partnered with the NFL for a competition to have a game developer make a viral NFL game that will be cross-marketed by the NFL and Skillz. This submission period ends in May and we can see something by the beginning of next year, and marketing later this year as well as a beta version. Expect tons of additional partnerships to roll out, as SKILLZ will likely partner with additional sports organizations and potentially gambling platforms such as DKNG (shared SPAC management team brought them both forward). 

8. 618 million in cash on the balance sheet with ZERO debt and tons of postings on their website looking for strategy analysts with M&amp;A and investment banking experience. I believe they are looking to acquire heavily to grow their pretense internationally in the coming year. 

9. Players on average spend ~62 minutes per day playing Skillz games, which is more than the average time spent on Tiktok, Snapchat, Facebook, and Netflix. This is a metric well regarded and shared by management. 

Listen.... SKLZ is not for the faint of heart, but I strongly and truly believe, in 5 years, THIS can be the next Shopify. I am simply here to let you know why I believe in it. Both short and long term. Fck the tutes who have manipulated the chart, and much love to Cathie and the retail that have diamond hands 💎 🙌🏻