TL/DR. Facebook has been destroying itself by banning tens of thousands of people for little to no reason and i predict it's value in shares to collapse relatively soon.



I've been on Facebook since it's inception, back when you had to have a college email to get on. Needless to say I've put much time and effort into building my profile. So back in August of this year I woke up and logged into my Facebook only to find the message, "Your account has been disabled". I thought surely this is a mistake of some sort and didn't worry too much about it. I thought to myself "I'll message Facebook support and they'll straighten it out". I went through all the hoops and NEVER received any correspondence whatsoever. The only thing I received was a notification upon login attempt that my account has been disabled due to a violation of the terms of service. I've never violated Facebook's TOS. I began digging online only to find this has happened to tens of thousands of other users at the same time and more then once. I discovered most of it here in Reddit in the r/facebook thread. Apparently Facebook's AI algorithm went rogue and started banning people for anything, even posts that were 2 to 3 years old. I personally know 4 people who received bans as well with no clue why they got banned. I expected something in the news, but nothing. Time goes on.

I waited almost a whole month and no resolution or correspondence. So i just gave up and created a new account. The second account got banned within 2 months. For ABSOLUTELY NO REASON. I walked on eggshells with this account and it got banned. I created a third account and didn't even post anything. It got banned in a month again for nothing. I only created the third Facebook to use messenger, because that's how i communicated with everyone. So i create a 4th one. Instantly banned. I even used new emails and phone numbers.

So, how does this apply to WSB? Well, Facebook is self destructing right now and hardly anyone knows it. I predict people are going to abandon Facebook and it's revenue will drop causing a decline in it's share value. Nobody is receiving any correspondence from Facebook on the issue and nobody is getting their account back. 

Facebook is utilized by almost everyone and many people rely on it for revenue, business, and profit. Companies use it to background check potential employees, people use it to remain connected to everyone they know, and many use it just for the instant messenger feature, which requires you to have an account to utilize. Society has become practically dependant on Facebook to a degree. 

So why haven't i heard anything on this issue? What do you guys know? Does anyone have anything that could shed light on Facebook's future? I'm not posting this to highlight my problem, I'm posting it because i see a potential investment loss/opportunity here. What are some good strategies to prepare for this should Facebook's value decline?