So preface, I'm not a bot and my positions are short on the S&P 500. I think this GME squeeze will cause a liquidity crisis so the market corrects. So GME going up is good for my account.

I've been on this sub for a few years and its rise in popularity the last few weeks has brought some concerns to me. Namely that this sub has the potential to drive some serious cult like behavior. 

This GME squeeze is an interesting story, it started out as a play to make a metric fuckton of money and has grown into some weird psuedo-social movement, or at least disguised as one. You have people new to trading (As seen by the constant questions asking basic questions about the market) on this emotional trip to steal from Wall Street and give unto themselves. In an era with a lot of uncertainty due to the rona I get it. 

My concerns now is there seems to be a quickly rising culture of if you do not love GME you are a bot/dissenter/evil wrongdoer with the intent to take the ship down. And I agree there has been a lot of not so legitimate people here the culture is slowly turning to join the hivemind or go. I am already seeing people talking about "our next target" as if this is now some group intended to take down wall street from within.

This sub has made this short squeeze a little guy vs Wall Street thing, and while there is plenty of shady shit going on, people don't seem to understand there are institutions long GME, they want to take Melvins money just as much as you. It's a short vs long battle. 

That whole Robinhood fiasco, it was a legitimate issue handled HORRIBLY. They ran out of money and were going to go insolvent, and they handled it quite possibly the worst way, adding even more fuel to this us vs them fire.

"It can't go tits up" -  Words someone says right before it goes tits up. A lot of you all will make life changing money off GME, and I am glad for you. But you also have to understand for a lot of yall, you're going to lose. The market giveth and the market taketh away. I've blown up my account twice so I've gone through the emotional rollercoaster before. I remember my first 10 bagger off TGT when $BECKY was memeing. I am worried that for those people this GME play goes tits up on, someone will wrongly focus that energy into being someone else's fault and not them not understanding the play they were making.

This sub has grown exponentially and the mods have been doing there best, however this one tweet definitely added fuel to the fire in my opinion, 

https://twitter.com/wsbmod/status/1356338243554304001?s=20

I think this perpetuates the message that its someone else's fault GME went down today and that the "elites" are out to get us.

This is reminding me of an Alphabet soup themed cult. And we all see how that's going.

This sub was always about making money and being dipshits doing it. And I am worried that culture is going to transform into something much much worse. My biggest fear is that people who blow up their account off this play are taken advantage of by others and lead down some crazy shithead path.

Edit: I can't blame the mods for this. There is no handbook on how to handle every news outlet picking up your subreddit. They've been doing the best they can and I applaud them.