Alright, the weekends now over but that doesn't matter for most of you since Wendy's never closes and you need to work overtime to keep losing it on Robinhood with stupid FD's. Reading this won't take long and you can go back to using your lunch breaks to give discounted blowjobs next to the dumpster to support your "grind."

I am here to talk about my two favorite plays at the moment which you've either forgotten since reading it in the post title or you're just too retarded to know the tickers. It's fucking Academy Sports and Clean energy. If you just spat out your fresh semen and crayon lunch then pop an Adderall and try to decipher the symbols on your screen that make up the English alphabet. If you need help download a synthetic voice text-to-speech program and have it read to you. If that still doesn't work, you are actually retarded and should go seek immediate help. Clip your helmets chin strap and text your wife's boyfriend to come pick her up this time so you don't get distracted by the moaning and macaroni noises in the bedroom.

First one, Academy Sports. Most of you unwashed neckbeards probably haven't stepped foot in an Academy Sports store because it promotes doing things outdoors. You'd just waltz around feeling guilty for gaining another 40 pounds during Covid and purchase a DD sports bra for your "girlfriend" even though the cute cashier knows you reek of desperation, she can even smell it with her mask on. It's okay because your card is going to be declined and you'll shamefully walk out while the repulsed cashier attempts to scrub your Cheeto dust and dandruff from the nooks and crannies of the card reader.

Academy Sports is an American sporting goods store chain. We are all well aware of the effects that Covid had on retail during 2020 and know it's been a total shit show. Academy reported earnings on March 30th and somehow, these motherfuckers blew the roof off.

 • Fourth Quarter and Full Year Comparable Sales Increased 16.1%

 • Fourth Quarter Gross Margin Rate Expanded 420 basis points over Q4 2019

 • Full Year Net Income Increased 157.2% over 2019 to $308.8 million

How did they do it? I have no fucking clue. Their e-commerce sales increased by a cool and modest 60.7%. Where the fuck did this demand come from? Looks like you guys were sitting around in your moldy basements jerking off to some other retard's gain porn while too ashamed to post your loss porn, and Academy Sports was out there busting loads on faces and you just wait on your knees and take them to the forehead, eyes wide open. (Makes no sense, you sick fucks act like getting sperm in your eyes is something you can add to a resume since you "watched a lot of kids") Anyways, here's an excerpt.

"While many of our categories benefited from the COVID-19 crisis, several of our key businesses such as licensed apparel, team sports equipment, apparel and footwear and back-to-school were adversely impacted and should return to normal this year. In addition to each of these businesses driving sales growth, they are all margin rate-accretive and should drive a return to a more traditional mix of sales. Fourth, we will improve our management of several seasonal categories where there are not worldwide inventory shortages, but where our initial inventory buy in 2020 was not enough to meet the strong demand. This year, we have modified our planning and allocation on products like grills and water sports to support additional sales compared to their normal trend line.

As we begin 2021, we are confident that we can continue to deliver strong results because of our incredible team, the continued development of our key initiatives, and the stronger, deeper relationships we have built with our customers. The company is providing the following estimate for fiscal 2021. Comparable sales are forecast to range from up 2% to down 2%. This is an 18% to 14% increase on a two year stacked basis."

Okay great, so people bought a lot of workout equipment. Who cares? What you semen suckers fail to understand, is that some guys were able to find a woman that is attracted to them in a way that they will ACTUALLY have sex with them and sometimes that results in kids. Those kids have been at home all fucking year and their parents want them out of the house so they can fuck on the kitchen table again. Ding ding, those rusty gears in your seemingly empty head are starting to grind. Yes wow, vaccines are starting to become mainstream and everybody is pent up at home with their crotch goblins. Enter every single recreational sport available. Beyond boosts in kids sports equipment that we will probably see (this part of my DD is literally just my personal social media feed where everybody on Facebook and Instagram is doing anything in their power to get the kids out of the house and bragging about it) we are obviously going into outdoor season. That means camping, vacations swimming and other things people with active and healthy lifestyles do. Academy Sports has it all. Tents, grills, coolers, clothing, swimsuits, fishing gear, canoes, sleeping bags. Do me a favor, walk into an Academy Sports store and look at the demand for yourself.

I obviously expect that Academy Sports will continue to exceed expectations and I am not the only one. Show me another stock with a 100% buy rating and if you're too lazy, type in ASO on Robinhood and look for yourself. Now I'm going to get into the most interesting part. ASO has a 100% buy rating from 8 different analysts. blew away earnings during a pandemic and has amazing financials and a healthy balance sheet. It's kind of weird that it is 9th on the most shorted stock list when every other company on that list looks like it could use some adrenaline shots or life support. ASO was previously the most shorted stock on the market a few weeks ago. If I had a guess, it looks like shorters realized they shorted a company that didn't deserve to be, and they want to cover before wallstreetbets gets a sniff of it. Oops, it's too late now.

Dick's Sporting Goods is trading at a PE ratio of 14 and has a short interest of 16%. Academy Sports is sitting at an SI of 33.62% and a PE ratio of 8. Seems a little bit fishy to me and smells like a ripe vagina is wafting the room. What could these large funds know that we don't? Hmmm.. let's try nothing and the fact that they were hoping to capitalize on another seemingly Covid ravaged retailer. (Does this remind you of anything else?) I am not going to sell this to you as a short squeeze because those only happen when you have a very tight float on a company where buyers start jumping in droves while short sellers are already underwater in their positions. Also interesting because at the end of March it went from around $24.50 to around $32.00 and the price hasn't gone below $28.39. Also of note, the average 10 day trading volume for ASO is 1.584M. The entire float is 40,436,703 shares with 33.62% of the float shorted, leaves you 13,594,583 shares short. That gives you 9 days to cover with average volume if they did nothing but buy and were the only ones doing so. Do what you will with that information or go do the math yourself. To me, it looks like some retards with a lot of capital put themselves in another bad situation. (Most recent rating from a JP Morgan analyst moves it from $32 to $35. If you're comparing companies in the same sector, who would you prefer to make your long AND short bets on? Operating income of Academy Sports at 129M in 2019, 222M in 2020 and 424M in 2021 with a smaller PE ratio, or Dick's with 445M in 2019, 409M in 2020, or 741M in 2021 and a PE ratio twice that of the former?

I already know you little asshats get mad when you see a DD on a stock only after it's up 150% for the week, but this is one of those times when this post was made while the stock is down 3% for the week and up 10% for the month.

I do also want to give some credit to /u/XionTG for the predictions below that he made a month ago. They turned out to be spot on, even though he got a lot of flack in the comments.

Predictions:

My Target Prices

First short-term target price: $30 by 5/1

Second short-term target price: $60 by 7/1

​

(You can see his original DD here but I will warn you degenerate retards that this DD is from the r-investing crowd so don't pucker your asshole up too tight or your heads might explode and your balls could drop).

​

Next one, CLNE (Clean Energy)

"Clean Energy is changing the way the world fuels its vehicles. Reducing pollution from the transportation industry is an important goal for our nation, and we at Clean Energy know just how realistic and attainable that goal is with natural gas fuel.

Moving forward in our thinking as well as in our vehicles means a safer, healthier planet for all of us. This change is happening. Natural gas is abundant and economically viable and is increasingly being adopted as transportation fuel by countries around the world."

Hmmm, I can't even begin to imagine what type of political administration or historical time (notably marked by unprecedented climate change) when a company providing an alternative to diesel, especially one that is clean and readily available, could POSSIBLY flourish. I was a truck driver for some time and pumped over $500 dollars of fuel into my semi each day. Looking over the finances, fuel prices accounted for 20% more than the cost of the 2 drivers to work over the road on a weekly basis. Fuel is generally the highest percentage of operating costs in the freight transportation business. We are set to enter into a period of economic recovery and anyone with half a brain synapse knows freight transportation is at the heart of industry. Not that this is entirely related, but Amazon just posted a round of earnings that once again, exceeded expectations. Amazon's sales increased by a modest 44 fucking percent. Why does it matter? Shut the fuck up and keep reading. "[Clean Energy] signed an agreement with Amazon to provide low and negative carbon renewable natural gas, as 27 of its existing fueling stations and another 19 new or upgraded stations." Yeah you read that correctly, Amazon sales blow the fuck up and they have found a place that they can cut operating costs and it just so happens to be through a partnership with the only other company that has the infrastructure to support them in this endeavor. It goes without saying that the current administration is going to be pushing for renewable and clean energy harder than your wife threw you out of the house when her boyfriend showed up with a bottle of lube and his extra thick cock ring.

Also noteworthy.

"UPS Makes Largest Purchase of Renewable Natural Gas Ever in the U.S.

Seven-Year 170 Million Gallon Equivalents Purchase from Clean Energy Fuels Corp. Will Reduce GHG Emissions by More than 1 Million Metric Tons." Go look at their press releases if you want to see their other partnerships.

I have attached another DD done by /u/twenty98 about CLNE that was well done. We also know that /u/NrdRage made a very good DD as well so go read it because I'm not going to retype it and in any way attempt to take credit for their work. I am not sitting here saying I love the stock, to be honest, I love the company and what it does. Reducing emissions in one of the industries with an oversized carbon footprint is a home run for me. Just as Tesla and electric vehicles are the future, alternative fuels will fill the gaps where batteries cannot support. 

I don't really care what you spray paint huffing STD riddled idiots do, but in my opinion, both of these companies look like they have more potential than the current share price is demonstrating. CLNE is up 5% for the week and down 22% for the month. For those that figured out MVIS, CLOV and all the other bullshit, the time to buy into something isn't after it's up 120% in two days and Cramer mentions it. Find assets at a less retarded entry point. Good luck and go back to whatever smooth brained moron shit you were doing before seeing this.

​

That's the end of the post and that's all I got for you. Now you can return to the act of holding your wife's hair while she goes down on your neighbor! Thank me later.

Edit 1: 

Positions-

ASO MAY 21 2021 $35 CALL

ASO JUN 18 2021 $35 CALL

CLNE JUN 18 2021 $13 CALL
 
(Title is supposed to be *Recovery, I know lol)