Hello Apes,  
This is one of my first posts and am going to try to make this a weekly thing to help you apes and autists out. 

Hedgefunds and asset management firms have these analysts preparing all these market forecasts all the time. I feel like us apes could come together to defeat the hedgies by putting all our thoughts together and getting a sense of how the market might look like in the near future. So we can get tendies! Who wants tendies? I want tendies!

Please note this is not financial advice. I am not a financial advisor. I am just an ape. This is purely for education purpose. Please consult a financial advisor not me.

You all must be wondering, what the hell is going on in the market lately? Why are stonks down? Where are my tendies?

Well Apes, apparently there are these things called bonds. JPOW sells these things at auctions and people buy them! Can you believe it? People actually buy things other than stonks.

Lately these bond traders have been very worried that things are getting back to normal! There's $1.9 trillion on its way and that means tendies! Tendies for everyone! And that means prices of things might go up. And if that happens then Fed might have to raise interest rates to keep the prices from getting out of control!

These genuis bond traders have ultra paper hands and they were expecting rates to rise in 2023. But they are afriad they might go up in 2022! Oh lawd! Have mercy.

If interest rates go up. It means stonks go down! Witchcraft! These bond traders are scared and pooping their pants. No one is buying, which is driving the prices of some of these bonds down. means yields are rising! Rising yields oh no!  Everyone is panicking and cashing out.

So bond traders are all looking at JPOW like what you gonna do. You gonna keep running that printer or stop? JPOW is like. Whatever YOLO. But bond traders are not convinced. They feel like JPOW like a cheating boyfriend is lying and will probably backstab them and raise rates.

So bond traders don't wknow what to do. They are panicking. Scared and running around like chickens without heads. All this fear is spreading into the stock market and people are selling their stocks.

Stocks are down! Stocks are down! Stocks are down!

So what's ahead? Well Feb's job report is out on FRIDAY. If the numbers look good Thats Bad! Good means bad because it means things are getting back to normal. No! Bond traders don't want things to get back to normal. If numbers are bad Thats good! Because that means less risk of higher rates.

Good is bad and bad is Good!  What in the world is going on?!?

Well - All you need to know is JPOW is speaking on Thursday. Everyone will be watching. If he says something stupid... Stonks will go down. So lets hope he doesn't say anything stupid. Job reports out on Friday. If report is good then more red! 

Also - Expect some more red if bond traders panic a bit more and drag the stocks down. If there is fear in the market then fewer insitutions will buy stuff. Apes are still buying. So keep buying and keep holding those diamond hands. Don't paper hand! Hold Strong! Let the insitution paper hand. If we keep holding. The market will stabilize in the next week or so. If we buy that means more tendies.

All the best Apes. Just remember, expect turbulence ahead. But it will pass in a week or so. As soon as those stimulus cheques hit the streets, there will be tendies! Glorious tendies.

Apes:  
What is Queen Cathie doing:   
Investors took out $1 billion out of her funds last week. People are pancking. Queen Cathie is staying calm and Diamond Handing (Bought): Palantir, Twitter, Square, Paypal, Signify Health, Baidu, JD, Tesla, Spotify. 

She is Paper-Handing (Sold): Apple, FB, Snap, Alibaba, Salesforce, Amazon, Alphabet, Roku

vs.

Hedgies:   
Paul Singer: "Crash is coming! Can't wait to say I told you so!"  


Let's see who wins in the next couple of weeks. If you thougth last week was volatile. Just wait till you see whats in store for the next couple of weeks!

Apes Strong -  If you disagree or have any questions, feel free to msg me or leave a comment. Thanks!