DJIA: 

  Apple (AAPL) – Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A) purchased an additional 75mln of the tech giant’s shares this quarter. Further, Buffett Said iPhone sales worry is no way to assess Apple investment. (CNBC)

  Apple (AAPL) / Alphabet (GOOG) – Licensing fees which Alphabet pay to Apple to direct traffic to its search have played a large role in Apple’s most recent quarter, as licensing was reported as the top contributor to its 21% y/y jump in services revenue. (Newswires)

  Caterpillar (CAT) – The industrial giant has named a new CFO, Andrew Bonfield, effective September 1st. (Newswires)

  Merck (MRK) – The pharmaceutical giant and Moderna Therapeutics announced an expansion to develop and commercialise their cancer vaccines. (Newswires)

  Nike (NKE) – The sports retailer CEO apologised for corporate culture which excluded some staff and failed to seriously consider complaints about workplace issues. (WSJ)

  Wal-Mart (WMT) – The retail giant reportedly acquired a 75% stake of Flipkart for USD 15bln, according to sources familiar with the matter, however, Flipkart’s board say they have not yet finalised the stake deal, according to two people familiar with the matter. (Newswires)

  S&P500: 

  AT&T (T) / Time Warner (TWX) – AT&T told a judge the divesture of DirecTV or Turner, would harm the value of the merger with Time Warner. (Newswires)

  Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A) – Warren Buffett noted in a CNBC interview that they are usually a net buyer of stocks in the first quarter, but he stressed they bought more than they usually do. (Newswires)

  Incyte (INCY) – The CEO acquired 15,000 common shares. (Newswires)

  Mallinckrodt (MNK) – The co. announced the FDA did not approve its Stannsoporfin. (Newswires)

  Monsanto (MON) – The co. has appealed to India’s supreme court against a ruling which declared the co. cannot claim patents on its GM cotton seeds, according to a spokesman. (Newswires)

  Newell Brands (NWL) – The co. announced it has signed a definitive agreement to sell its Waddington Group to Carlyle’s (CG) Novolex for roughly USD 2.3bln. Newell Brands also announced an expansion of its Accelerated Transformation Plan, adding Jostens and Pure Fishing to the list of potential divestures. (Newswires)

  Xerox (XRX) – The settlement with Carl Icahn and Darwin Deason has now expired, therefore the current board of directors and management team will remain in place. (Newswires)

  NASDAQ 100:

  Activision Blizzard (ATVI) – The co. says its Overwatch League is outperforming expectations. (Newswires
)
  Allergan (AGN) – The co. announced John Davidson has been elected to its board of directors, the only new addition, all the oth (Newswires)

  Alphabet (GGOG) – The co.’s Google is cracking down on a global con scheme after some of its users were scammed. (CNBC)

  Amazon (AMZN) – Some of the workers in Amazon have described the intense pressure of working in the retail giant’s warehouses. (Business Insider)

  Facebook (FB) – The social media giant is reportedly carrying out research to consider an ad free Facebook platform which users would pay for. (Newswires)

  Liberty Global (LBTYA) – The co. offered EU concessions over the Ziggo takeover, including the offer to sell its pay TV film channel Film 1 and to cancel clauses which held back broadcasters’ ability to sell channels and content online. (Newswires)

  Qualcomm (QCOM) – China has approved the company’s smartphone chipset Joint Venture with Leadcore Technology, a unit of China’s Datang Telecom Tech. The JV will be to develop smartphone chipsets. (WSJ)

  Starbucks (SBUX) – Nestle (NESN SW) is said to be near a deal for the company’s store product unit, according to sources. (Newswires)

  OTHER NEWS:

  Celanese (CE) – The co. is to increase price on Acetic Acid by USD 65/tonne. (Newswires)

  LGI Homes (LGIH) – The homebuilder reported 606 home closing last month, a y/y increase of 66%. (Newswires)

  Patterson Companies (PDCO) – The president of its Dental North America unit is to step down, effective May 11th. (Newswires)

  Portola Pharmaceuticals (PTLA) – The co. received FDA approval on its Andexxa. (Newswires)

  Sangamo (SGMO) – The therapeutics co. announced changes to its leadership, Senior VP and Chief Business Officer will resign. (Newswires)

  Sarapeta (SRPT) – The therapeutics co. received a negative trend vote on Eteplirsen from Europe’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use oral explanation. (Newswires)

  Twitter (TWTR) – The social media company has asked its users to change passwords after it found a bug, but it announced the bug was fixed but noted some passwords may be at risk. (Newswires)