Disclaimer: I am not a financial advisor and this is not financial advice. I wanted to provide a different perspective on investing that might entertain or help others. Nothing I say should be considered fact, but instead my opinion. There is no guarantee of returns, but I believe my method lowers the long term risk while maximizing on potential less volatile gains. I do not have any positions in these companies, but I intend to add some or all of these positions to my portfolio.        

My thesis is generated around the semiconductor meeting held by the White House. I believe the White House tipped their hand into which companies will be their preferred partners of the future. This article will provide a layout of which stocks may be considered attractive from a long term speculative point of view. https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-04-09/white-house-to-host-over-a-dozen-companies-at-chips-meeting.          

Stellantis NV, General Motors, Cummins and Ford: old school American companies with a large number of employees and a large supply chain that relies on Ford and GM to remain in business. I believe they were invited to the meeting because of their relationship with Biden from the Obama administration. Gas for tronics 2.0?       

Alphabet: tech company that has government contracts. Can provide unique insight into current and future trends based on search history.           

Dell, HP, Medtronic: computer and medical equipment manufacturers. It’s interesting how Nvidia and AMD were left off the invite list.         

Micron, Taiwan Semiconductor, Samsung, Intel: semiconductor manufacturers. We all know about the chip shortage.       

AT&T: possible link to 5g capabilities/access. I’m wondering who the government is going to give their grant money to for providing rural areas with affordable internet and broadband.         

Northrop Grumman: we all know about the b-21. I believe that is likely why they got the invite, but there is also the potential that they are developing the 6th gen fighter of choice for the military.         

No price points, no buy or sell recommendations, do your own research if you’re looking for reasons to buy or sell.