DAILY US EQUITY OPENING NEWS - 

  DJIA
  Apple (AAPL) - Foxconn, the largest Apple supplier, reported its Q1 net profit at USD 809mln missing analyst expectations. Compared to the previous quarter it is a 14.5% drop.  (Newswires)

  JP Morgan (JPM) – The bank said it sent an application to a Chinese securities regulator, so it can set up a securities business where JPM would own 51%, allowing its corporate and investment banking divisions to seek more clients in China. (Newswires)

  Goldman Sachs (GS) – The bank is looking to expand its Marcus consumer bank unit throughout Europe and has chosen Germany to follow its UK launch. (FT)

  Walmart (WMT) – The co. is evaluating an IPO for Flipkart which could come in four years. Separately, the CEO is looking for more deals after its Flipkart investment.  (Newswires)

  S&P500
  Baker Hughes (BHGE) – The energy co. entered talks with Adnoc regarding a potential drilling partnership, according to people familiar with the matter. (Newswires)

  BlackRock (BLK) – The co. is allowed to keep fees from Ohio after a donation to Governor John Kasich’s presidential campaign, according to a preliminary ruling of a security regulator. (Newswires)

  Boston Scientific (BSX) – The co. released data demonstrating success of SMART Pass for patients implanted with the EMBLEM Subcutaneous Implantable Defibrillator System. (Newswires)

  ConocoPhillips (COP) – According to sources, the oil group is looking to sell its fields in the North Sea as it aims to focus its operation in its home country, the sale could reach up to USD 2bln. Separately, the co. seized products from Venezuela’s PDVSA, Isla refinery. (Newswires)

  Cummins (CMI) – The co. and Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co. are to form a 50:50 joint-venture after the co.’s purchased Navistar's (NAV) 50% equity of the JAC-Navistar Diesel Engine company. (Newswires)

  Eli Lilly (LLY) – The co. is to acquire all shares of Aurka Pharma, who will receive an upfront payment of USD 110mln, and the shareholders are eligible to receive up to USD 465mln in regulatory and sales milestones. Eli Lilly see no change to earnings results following the acquisition. (Newswires)

  Ford (F) – The automaker is to resume the production of F-150 on May 18 in Dearborn and Kansas City. (Newswires)

  Medtronic (MDT) – The medical co. announced results from its MARVEL study, where it says it was ‘encouraged’. (Newswires)

  Monsanto (MON) – Bayer’s (BAYN GY) CFO told German press that Bayer’s potential synergies from buying Monsanto will be lower than USD 1.5bln due to antitrust divestments. (Newswires)

  Oracle (ORCL) – The board of directors has elected and added Charles Moorman IV and William Parrett to the board. (Newswires)

  Perrigo (PRGO) – The co. does not expect to launch the ProAir Inhalation Aerosol by Q4, as previously scheduled. (Newswires)

  Regions Financial (RF) -  CFO David J. Turner sold 46,374 common shares. (Newswires)

  Xerox (XRX) - The co. reported on Sunday it has ended its USD 6.1bln deal with Fujifilm in a settlement with investors Carl Icahn and Darwin Deason. (Newswires)

  Barron’s cautious on Cisco (CSCO), Broadcom (AVGO) as two start-ups are challenging their operation. (Newswires)

  Barron’s noted AT&T (T), Exxon Mobil (XOM), Procter & Gamble (PG), Kimberly-Clark (KMB), Coca-Cola (KO), Consolidated Edison (ED), Cardinal Health (CAH), Leggett & Platt (LEG), Chevron (CVX), Target (TGT), Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) and PepsiCo (PEP) presented high yields and annual dividend increases for the past 25 years or more. (Newswires)

  Barron’s positive on Kroger (KR). (Newswires)

  NASDAQ 100
  Facebook (FB) – The social media has halted 200 apps due to the data privacy investigation and audit. (Newswires)  

  Qualcomm (QCOOM) / NXP Semiconductors (NXPI) - China has restarted its review of Qualcomm’s USD 44bln purchase of NXP Semiconductors, according to people familiar with the matter. (SCMP)

  Tesla (TSLA) - Matthew Schwall, the automaker’s director of field performance engineering, left the co. and moved to Alphabet’s (GOOGL) self-driving unit Waymo, according to people familiar the decision. Separately, head of engineering Doug Field is taking a break from the automaker. The automaker registered a new electric vehicle firm in China before limits on foreign ownership of new-energy vehicle ventures kick in. (WSJ/ Newswires)

  OTHER NEWS
  Cadence Bancorp (CADE) – The co. is merging with State Bank Financial (STBZ) in a deal worth approx. USD 1.4bln. (Newswires)

  JetBlue (JBLU) – The co. has reached an agreement with Air Line Pilot Association regarding its pilots. (Newswires)

  KBR (KBR) – Basra Oil Company awarded the co. the Majnoon Oil Field contract in Basra, Iraq for the provision of management and multi-discipline engineering support. (Newswires)

  Masimo (MASI) – The co. released positive results for recent study of SpHb findings, a non-invasive and continuous haemoglobin, evaluating its effectiveness in reducing the number of unnecessary blood transfusions. (Newswires)

  USG (USG) – Berkshire Hathaway had planned to vote against USG’s board members, and the co. said four directors were not re-elected to its board. USG also said it has plans to reduce the board size to nine from ten. (Newswires)

  VMware (VMW) -  CFO Zane Rowe rejected Uber CFO role, urging Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi to fill the position. (WSJ)

  Waste Connections (WCN) – The co. elected Worthing Jackman president and Mary Anne Whitney CFO. (Newswires)

  Western Gas Partners (WSE) – The co. appointed Gennifer Kelly COO. (Newswires)