What an awesome Earning reports for PLTR, kudos… it managed to close at around 24.70$, but I feel this is just the Tip of the Iceberg!!! Shorts and Hedgies have been playing around this stock for a long time and Every Retail
Investor was irritated by that, Good results - price down, new deals - price down, positive announcements - price down, how long this could go on… even last night many were skeptical with the expected Good Earnings report by saying - PLTR GOOD EARNINGS = Price Down… such was the mentality of frustrated investors for so long…

Finally, PLTR turned the tables, and the stock price started climbing up. Funny part is : just after the Good Earnings report - shorts were scared and started their bombardment of negative PLTR sentiments on Stockwits by trying to scare the bullish investors. Even when Palantir was at 24$ today - Bears tried to convince all to take the profit and run away 😂 but This time their trick didn’t work…

Couple of months back, $PLTR had touched 40$ line, but then got pulled back, but now with another great earning report and easily achievable guidance value - Palantir is going to Shine on top of all and if retail
Investors realize it’s worth and stay bullish behind it then it can easily cross 40$ again and may be even 50$+ 
Remember, $PLTR is not a meme stock (in a way it can be though, lol) - but a REAL COMPANY WITH AWESOME TRACK RCORD, Good Earnings, Incremental Focussed growth, great management team, Top of the Shelf software company which enables Private as well as Govt / Defense agencies, and it’s a Pioneer in its domain. It’s even considered as one of the top 12 AI companies in the world. So all I can see is Uphill for PLTR

So this is my personal view, and I know many here have similar opinion on it 😇 I’m not against Shorts, but I’m against their practice of scaremongering the retail investors for their own be if it’s Even when the Company is doing Real Good, that’s against the ethics of stocks investment. If a company is doing good then we want to invest there- and not to doom That company by shorting. That practice needs to stop. so I hope tomorrow PLTR  shoots up and teaches the lesson to shorties and it’s price crosses moon, May be even Mars and Beyond 😇🚀🚀🚀

https://www.google.com/amp/s/finance.yahoo.com/amphtml/news/12-best-artificial-intelligence-stocks-141203223.html

Palantir Reports 49% Revenue Growth; US Commercial Revenue Up 90%

Q2 2021 Highlights

Total revenue grew 49% year-over-year to $376 million
US commercial revenue grew 90% year-over-year
Closed 62 deals of $1 million or more, of which:
30 deals are $5 million or more
21 deals are $10 million or more
20 net new customers added in Q2 2021, total customers up 13% quarter-over-quarter
Commercial customer count increased 32% quarter-over-quarter
Cash flow from operations of $23 million, representing a 6% margin
Adjusted free cash flow of $50 million, representing a 13% margin
GAAP net loss per share, diluted of ($0.07)
Adjusted earnings per share, diluted of $0.04
H1 2021 Highlights

Total revenue grew 49% year-over-year to $717 million
Commercial customer count increased 61% since December 31, 2020
Cash flow from operations of $140 million, representing a 19% margin
Adjusted free cash flow of $201 million, representing a 28% margin


https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20210812005243/en/Palantir-Reports-49-Revenue-Growth-US-Commercial-Revenue-Up-90-YY


——————*——————

Customers:::::

Palantir Metropolis is used by hedge funds, banks, and financial services firms

Palantir Foundry clients include Merck KGaA, Airbus and Ferrari.

Palantir partner Information Warfare Monitor used Palantir software to uncover both the Ghostnet and the Shadow Networks

U.S. civil entities
Palantir's software is used by the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board to detect and investigate fraud and abuse in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. Specifically, the Recovery Operations Center (ROC) used Palantir to integrate transactional data with open-source and private data sets that describe the entities receiving stimulus funds. Other clients as of 2019 included Polaris Project, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children,the National Institutes of Health,Team Rubicon,and the United Nations World Food Programme.

In October 2020, Palantir began helping the federal government set up a system that will track the manufacture, distribution and administration of COVID-19 vaccines across the country.

U.S. military, intelligence, and police	
Palantir Gotham is used by counter-terrorism analysts at offices in the United States Intelligence Community and United States Department of Defense, fraud investigators at the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board, and cyber analysts at Information Warfare Monitor (responsible for the GhostNet and the Shadow Network investigation).

Other clients as of 2013 included DHS, NSA, FBI, CDC, the Marine Corps, the Air Force, Special Operations Command, West Point, the Joint IED Defeat Organization and Allies. However, at the time the United States Army continued to use its own data analysis tool.Also, according to TechCrunch, "The U.S. spy agencies also employed Palantir to connect databases across departments. Before this, most of the databases used by the CIA and FBI were siloed, forcing users to search each database individually. Now everything is linked together using Palantir."

U.S. military intelligence used the Palantir product to improve their ability to predict locations of improvised explosive devices in its war in Afghanistan. A small number of practitioners reported it to be more useful than the United States Army's program of record, the Distributed Common Ground System (DCGS-A). California Congressman Duncan D. Hunter complained of United States Department of Defense obstacles to its wider use in 2012.

Palantir has also been reported to be working with various U.S. police departments, for example accepting a contract in 2013 to help the Northern California Regional Intelligence Center build a controversial license plates database for California. In 2012 New Orleans Police Department partnered with Palantir to create a predictive policing program.

In 2014, US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) awarded Palantir a $41 million contract to build and maintain a new intelligence system called Investigative Case Management (ICM) to track personal and criminal records of legal and illegal immigrants. This application has originally been conceived by ICE's office of Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), allowing its users access to intelligence platforms maintained by other federal and private law enforcement entities. The system reached its "final operation capacity" under the Trump administration in September 2017.[71]

Palantir took over the Pentagon's Project Maven contract in 2019 after Google decided not to continue developing AI unmanned drones used for bombings and intelligence.

International Atomic Energy Agency
Palantir was used by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to verify if Iran was in compliance with the 2015 agreement

Europe	
The firm has contracts relating to patient data from the British National Health Service. It was awarded an emergency, no-competition contract to mine COVID-19 patient data in 2019. In 2020 this was valued at more than £23.5 million and was extended for two more years. The firm was encouraged by Liam Fox “to expand their software business” in Britain.


Partnerships and Contracts::::

International Business Machines	Edit
On February 8, 2021, Palantir and IBM announced a new partnership that would use IBM's hybrid cloud data platform alongside Palantir's operations platform for building applications. The product, Palantir for IBM Cloud Pak for Data, is expected to simplify the process of building and deploying AI-integrated applications with IBM Watson. It will help businesses/users interpret and use large datasets without needing a strong technical background. Palantir for IBM Cloud Pak for Data will be available for general use in March of 2021

Amazon (AWS)	Edit
On March 5, 2021, Palantir announced its partnership with Amazon AWS. Palantir's ERP Suite is now optimized to run on Amazon Web Services. One of the first notable successes of the ERP suite was with BP, which was able to save about $50 million in working capital within two weeks of onboarding the system.

Babylon Health
Palantir took a stake in Babylon Health in June 2021. Ali Parsa told the Financial Times that “nobody” has brought some of the tech that Palantir owns “into the realm of biology and health care.

Palantir Technologies is a public American software company that specializes in big data analytics. Headquartered in Denver, Colorado, it was founded by Peter Thiel, Nathan Gettings, Joe Lonsdale, Stephen Cohen, and Alex Karp in 2003. The company's name is derived from The Lord of the Rings where the magical palantíri were "seeing-stones," described as indestructible balls of crystal used for communication and to see events in other parts of the world.

The company is known for three projects in particular: Palantir Gotham, Palantir Metropolis, and Palantir Foundry. Palantir Gotham is used by counter-terrorism analysts at offices in the United States Intelligence Community (USIC) and United States Department of Defense. In the past, Gotham was used by fraud investigators at the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board, a former US federal agency which operated from 2009 to 2015. Gotham was also used by cyber analysts at Information Warfare Monitor, a Canadian public-private venture which operated from 2003 to 2012. Palantir Metropolis is used by hedge funds, banks, and financial services firms. Palantir Foundry is used by corporate clients such as Morgan Stanley, Merck KGaA, Airbus, and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV

Palantir's original clients were federal agencies of the USIC. It has since expanded its customer base to serve state and local governments, as well as private companies in the financial and healthcare industries.