BofA analyst Geoff Meacham said Moderna is over valued based on the fundamentals


He compared 130 years old Merck(MRK) & 40 years old Amgen(AMGN).

And the market overreacted in co-ordination(BofA has long hands that can reach too far & wide)
See some facts below:
1) 130 years old Merck and 172 years old Pfizer could not make mRNA vaccine. Pfizer is marketing German BioNTech's vaccine. PFE did not invent it.
2) Moderna can not be assessed on age-old fundamentals. The same way Apple, Amazon, Tesla because their valuation is way over.
3) Insulin has increased more than 1200% since it was invented.
4) Gilead Sciences Sets US Price for COVID-19 Drug at $2340 to $3120
5) Gilead Sciences Sovaldi, a drug that can cure Hepatitis C in 90 days when used in combination with other antiviral drugs. The initial price was more than $1,000 per day, and the total cost of treatment could exceed $80,000
6) Moderna has only 1 product to sell. Which happens to be in the middle of a pandemic. Moderna was awarded some funding and it is keeping its prices down for Covid vaccines.
7) Moderna does not need to keep its prices down for future products since it will not meet with a similar pandemic.
8) Moderna has developed 100 proteins in the last 10 years but did not have enough funding to continue with the product R&D.
9) Now Moderna has the cash and can spend money for R&D so it can release many products in the years to come

Now how would you compare the company valuation when there are so many factors in play?
BofA’s Geoff Meacham said to compare its last 4 successful quarters – Moderna started selling its only product i.e. Covid vaccine from last Dec in the middle of the pandemic.

The insulin & Gilead was added for comparison that Moderna would not need to cap its future product price(Covid vaccine price is capped due to small government funding & Pandemic) and therefore will not need to sell many doses to make up the revenue 

This coordination looks very similar to Mani Foroohar from SVB Leerink that happened last year.