Hear-hear!, autists and retards, Uranium is heating up to make all of you, as many trendies as you desire.

Many have been following the industry, for years or months, and are witnessing the coming explosion of ALL companies Uranium. And they are fucking excited.  BULLs did not think SPROTT would move the market with such ease. Which it is doing, with Canadian rupees.

Do you remember last year, posts about lumber, mattresses, or shipping, but ended up buying black berry and weed stocks?? Well this is your chance to make up for that horrible decision your wife left you over.

Some of these stocks will 3-5x, and nano caps could 10x.

The market cap of the industry is around 30BN---ITS 20 PERCENT OF NORTH AMERICAN BASELOAD POWER. This is chicken shit, even to the europoors. This market can be moved very easily, and its fully underway.

The industry has been killed by the utility companies who has been buying cheap Uranium, well guess what….that is over now. Their contracts are up, and SPROTT is buying up all that cheap Yellow Cake for their fat boomer investors.  Game theory, simple, drive up the spot price is a thin market.

Unlike other metals, it is virtually impossible manipulate on paper , by imitation, or recycling—once it leaves storage it is SPENT. Gone, good buy---they need more, or the power goes out, not an option.

This will be the easiest and probably only 10 bagger many will ever experience. You will have plenty of chances to take profits, and you will exit based on the price of U.

There are smarter contributors who have provided the economics for those that can read.

below,

last Uranium bull run, 05--U P C, was a fund used to buy physical Uranium, ran by SPROTT. yes they are doing it again.

https://preview.redd.it/no9fqaxuvdm71.png?width=796&format=png&auto=webp&s=e884b09c6d04ec27da6aba01bbbe7e822aa7292b

&#x200B;

Bear case: Nuclear disaster, should mention, this is a cyclical play—you have to sell before it comes down—that can be determined by spot price. This is not amazon in 2000s.

Serious money will move in soon, my guess is we are entering midcycle, still early. Liken this to buying GME at 20.

Positions

CCJ leaps.

DO NOT MENTION TICKERS WITH SMALL MARKET CAPS.

Exit strategy

Scaling back 20%  once U is $60---and 20% out every $10 spot  goes up. BULLS think it could hit $150-200, and it could, but ill be gone and rich. Good luck.