Pinterest is the 14th LARGEST social network in the world ! Dominated by mommies! Over 71% of their user base is Female and maintains a competitive edge among its competitors with 454 MILLION monthly active users. This might be the only chance you get to be THIS close to hot single moms in your AREA!! So sit down, pop a breath mint because your breath stinks, and enjoy the DD. 

Is Pinterest even popular? Why don’t you start asking MOMS! Pinterest is where all Mommies gather! They can spend all their time visually searching countless ideas related to fashion, cooking, decor, art, dream cars / houses, even new wedding ideas for her 3rd try at marriage. One concept that has worked for Pinterest is bringing a positive mindset to social media. In other words, it’s a safe place from those drunk 1 AM snaps or those 3 AM lonely DM attempts. Besides PINS being an online oasis from negativity on social networks, it also allows users to shop, pretend they’re creative, and feel inspired daily.

Why PINS ad revenue is superb. Pinterest’s primary source of revenue is from promotional ad pins that hide in plain sight. These ads are blended in when users search the site for ideas. These promotional ads are tailored specifically to the things you search for. The ads look the same as the pins / images you browse so it is very easy to click on the ads without thinking (mommy brain) and even purchase the product (with your husbands credit card) All this helped PINS generate that whooping $1.6 billion revenue they made for 2020. Women be shopping so it’s not surprising Pinterest has become the go to social media site for impulse shopping and mindless ad viewing.

Now, can Pinterest bounce? boobs. Currently at a share price of $56 ish and peaking in the $90 range, slow American user growth has caused the price to tumble recently. Yet, their financials and international user growth continues to grow and is quite impressive! The positives for PINS are the main reasons why Microsoft thought they were worth it and wanted to acquire them for $51 billion, Cathie Wood (the stock market’s #1 mommy) holds a $9M position in her fund, and the collaboration with Shopify. Pinterest has built a strong platform that can continue to win in the social media category.

Pinterest is used when moms want to spend their money; planning a wedding, trip, party, or other stay at home mom interests. This makes the app a prime place for advertisers to market. Advertisers get an excellent ROI when they convert users to customers which keeps them coming back to advertise on the platform. 

In conclusion, I think the recent pullback in price makes PINS a Mommy Makeout Play! I believe in the power of all moms to keep the growth of Pinterest very strong LONG TERM! Including but not limited to, stay at home moms, single moms, hot moms, soccer moms, and even your mom.