As CTV options become more prevalent and advertising starts to ramp back up, the digital ad sector has been taking off lately with companies like trade desk (TTD) and Magnite (MGNI) mooning over the last few months. One smaller player that has caught my eye that hasn't had the same type of multi-bagger run yet is PERI (Perion Network). These guys have been around for a long time, but have recently started to revamp their business with some good acquisitions and added revenue streams in the last few years.

Great SA article posted yesterday which goes into a hell of a lot more detail and analysis than I will in this post (yeah, yeah, it's SA, but the article itself is actually pretty decent--go find it because I can't link it here). But the bottom line is things are looking solid heading into 2021 here. Just upped their guidance for next quarter, analysts targets all above current price with "buy" ratings, and they just renewed a four-year Microsoft contract expected to generate revenue between $170-190 million annually (according to their investor slide deck). Yes, that's close to a billion dollar contract with Microsoft for a company trading at a market cap of less than than $300 million. This is trading at a huge discount right now and could be an easy multi-bagger from here in my opinion. Stupidly undervalued right now in this sector compared to competitors (MGNI is the most comparable play in my opinion). Oh, by the way, Cathie and ARK are in here as well, with 160k shares as their third biggest holding in their IZRL ETF.

Buy in, or don't, I don't really care. But check it out if you are looking for new play that isn't TSLA, PLTR, or NIO (I'm loaded up in those as well, but I have to keep myself entertained with finding new stuff).

Anyway, I'll probably get downvotes for "PuMpInG a SmAlL CaP," but oh well, i don't care if you buy or not. Do your own research, but this has been a money maker for me this week and wanted to put it on a few people's radars. Sure, it's a small cap, but it's a small float that can move quickly with good volume. Also, option volume and liquidity is actually pretty damn good with tight spreads usually (check out the OI on April 10c, lotta people been loading up and holding). It has had a great week on huge volume (2,000% above average) after raising guidance on Monday, and it also held up exceptionally well today despite the NASDAQ taking a fat dump. I bought a decent lot of April 10C contracts at open yesterday that I am up over 150% on already, but I am holding for a possible five to ten bagger here. Still accumulating shares at this level as well. A lot of upside potential here in my opinion. My near term price target is $15 by early 2021. $20 would then be my likely exit point on all of my calls (unless I am feeling greedy, which happens way too often, so probably....).

TL;DR: digital ad space, microsoft contracts, Cathie and ARK, analyst buy ratings up the ying yang. I'm in for 40 contracts of April 10C.