Maybe thats the real goal  though? I mean you basically have the two uncoolest companies on the planet looking to acquire it. Remember Mixer? What a piece of garbage that was. Remember the xbox 360 E3? "Tv tv tv tv sports tv tv tv sports call of duty tv tv xbox is the next water cooler" and then Sony whipped the shit out of them. 

When I think Microsoft, I think of some boomer at work who needs help opening Word because the icon on the desktop got moved. Businesses are stuck using Windows because the average person is too dumb to use any other OS.

When you think of Walmart you picture some old overweight redneck in their pajamas buying cheap processed garbage food surrounded by workers who get paid like a third of a living wage. 

Young people are already looking at alternatives to Tik Tok.


Im sure Microsoft will pay Usher, Bob Dole, and Nickelback to try and hype up their purchase, lol. 


And there are only two ways they make a profit off TikTok. One involves spying on people like Facebook which I guess is only cool if America does it but not any other country? The other is they throw a billion ads at people. Im sure people will love sitting through a 15 second laxative commercial so they can watch a 10 second video clip. 

There is also the issue these companies might think having some high school chick dance in her bikini is inapproptiate but Id wager TikTok is mostly those girls and their young male peers thirsting. 
Here is another issue. Every record company and musical artist might want some royalties paid everytime their music is used, little easier to do when it is two American companies 
Microsoft/Walmart will probably turn tik tok into some Boomer thing where people make video clips of themselves doing taxes or planting stuff in their yard or making it twitter but talking in front of a camera.



Yes, there is potential for these companies to be involved with important demographics that they have little to do with otherwise...theres bigger potential they will spend tens of billions only to watch the users flee it like rats on a sinking ship and then closing it while everyone just moves onto the next fad.

So can we stop hyping up and stock pumping every shitty company who mentions TikTok.