Alright let me explain something.

People are on here complaining saying “oh why are all these stocks being discussed”, WSB isn’t the same. “I remember when we used to only YOLO on solid fundamental companies like TSLA &amp; APPLE so that if you fucked up your trade at least your not bagholding”.

First off, shut the fuck up. I do agree that the sentiment has changed a bit since prior to January 2021, but do you even know what WSB is about?

It’s about finding good trades that can like 5x to 10x your profits which also comes with high risk aka High Risk, High Reward trades … like 1-0DTE SPY calls or puts.

I’m not pushing $IRNT here, but I’m holding my bag until next week to see what happens. I think with its setup, high OI% for October, high SI%, and high CTB% that there’s something unique to come of it, “potentially”.

Fuck for a lot of you on here, prior to two weeks ago had no idea what a super 8-k was or a company completing a stock redemption from a DeSpac.

I’m in full exceptante of the L’s I take as it was my choice to partake. I can imagine posters of DD getting flack from people not getting “GaINs” or losing a fuck ton of money blame posters or ask them questions like, hey man I just dropped a bag on this stock how fucked am I? No one is going to answer you. That was your choice to play that play.

People complaining of stocks in this sub-reddit this week and saying ah man I miss the old days; when 95% of you weren’t even here back then.

You want to know why the DeSpacs high redemption are being discussed? Because of their Super 8-k (Redemption) and Option Chain activity.

These types of stocks can lead to gamma squeezes and high return for those who got in early before IV and on the run up when the stock was illiquid and IV is low, if that stock pops off, again, High Risk to High Reward plays, then that make sense.

For example, until lock up expires for the PIPE investors, I’ll use $IRNT as an example, it still has absurd Option Chain activity for October, high short interest, high CTB, closed at $30 which indicates to me dumb money is still holding strong, and a very small float that moves easily and has been proven to do so.

So, for me I’m rolling the dice and playing this into next week to see. But here’s the thing, I ChOsE tO tAkE tHaT rIsK … because I knew why I was going into that trade and if I get burnt that’s on me and me only, there’s no one else to blame but myself and some of you are forgetting that.

DeSpacs are hot right now because some of them have potential to make good money if your lucky and smart.

Plays like $IRNT are unique and if anything remind me more of old WSB rather then the current buy $WISH or buy $CLNE type shit.

There’s a lot of interesting plays out there as of lately, but don’t ever bitch and complain to a Mod or Redditor because your down and didn’t know why you got into  a trade.

This isn’t fucking Safe—Moon you quacks. If that’s your mentality then go join a subreddit similar to that.

This is a place where we take bets on trades that have at least some form of logical reasoning as a catalyst to occur.

Whether it be an Option Chain activity, highly shorted with a catalyst, Oversold, Calls or Puts because of JPowws money printer goes Brrrr, etc.

If you can’t eat a loss based on your own decision gracefully, and go straight to blaming others, then get the fuck out this sub.

Sincere regards,

Edit: I want to be clear, I don’t post shit to receive awards or upvotes or any glorification about anything that I post. I post when I feel people don’t understand something or when I see an opportunity etc. I also read other redditors post for the same reasons.

This shit could get downvoted to oblivion and like I said, idgaf about Karma points etc. This is staying up unless a Mod takes it down. 

TL;DR - Don’t blame others for your decisions. There’s logical reasons why certain stocks apart from playing SPY weeklies etc are being traded on.