Let me just ask anyone who thinks that there's an immanent crash incoming.... if the market were to crash tomorrow, and apple were to suddenly cost 70 dollars a share.... what would you do?

Would you:

a) cry and throw your phone in the ocean

b) quit trading forever and kick your wife's boyfriend out of the house

or c) sell your car, sell your house and live in a cardboard box, empty your kid's college fund, get a 2nd job, heck, a 3rd job as a stripper in wall street where you will dance for analysts at Melvin capital, and put every single dollar you could possibly get your hands on into apple?

I would say 90%, and that's a conservative estimate, of people who are into stocks would choose option C. I think even Warren Buffet would move into a cardboard box next door to you and explain that sold everything he has for apple shares if it "crashed" by 40% or more right now.

Which brings me to my point. For those massive companies with inflated market caps to crash, there has to be some kind of Earth shattering event that would make even the diamondiest of hands afraid to touch them. Not "hey man, apple is making me too much money, think I'm gonna sell it for some bonds instead". I'm talking a pandemic that shuts down the whole world's economy, several gigantic banks going out of business, fucking meteors falling out of the sky, Yellowstone erupting, that's what has to happen for people to start selling their blue chipped shares and for the market to crash. It will happen from time to time, but it can't be predicted by number crunching on a chart. It has to be something concrete.

Like in 2008, the market's didn't just crash randomly, they kept rebounding back and forth until finally it became obvious to everyone that the economy was going to be pretty much destroyed by several banks collapsing. So maybe, someone could have been smart enough in early 2008 to see the potential damage those banks were going to cause by going under, decide that congress was going to be too indecisive to do anything about it, and get out before the crash. But that was the result of an event that was happening, it had nothing to do with p/e's and derivatives and chart pattern. Stocks didn't crash in 2008 because they were "overvalued".

TL:DR: Unless someone has a very specific reason to be afraid of a crash, not "the fed is printing too much money" or "p/e's are too high", they are totally full of it.